Alexa, shuffle songs by Billie Eilish, I love her voice.
Blast Enter Sandman by Metallica, its that kind of night.
Blast some Metallica, the headbangers.
Blast the best of 90s hip-hop for me.
Blast the greatest hits from Beyoncé, its time to dance!
Blast the top hits from the rock album Back in Black by AC/DC.
Buddy, play some chill lo-fi beats for studying.
Can I hear the latest tracks by Billie Eilish?
Can we check out some tunes by The Beatles? Their melodies are timeless.
Can we check out the new tracks by The Weeknd?
Can we get into some deep house beats tonight?
Can we get some Crystal Method playing in here?
Can we get some Lady Gaga hits playing?
Can we get some Rihanna hits on, the dance anthems?
Can we get some ambient sounds for studying?
Can we get some electronic beats? Maybe something from The Prodigy?
Can we get some jazz going? Maybe something from Miles Davis?
Can we get some jazz tunes going? Something smooth.
Can we get some music from the Inception soundtrack by Hans Zimmer?
Can we get some reggae going? Bob Marley would be perfect.
Can we get some reggae like Bob Marley, the vibe setters?
Can we get some reggae music to chill to?
Can we get some smooth R&B going, maybe something from Sade?
Can we get some tracks from the grunge genre?
Can we get some tunes from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can we get some upbeat pop music? How about Dua Lipa?
Can we hear some intense trance music, maybe something from Armin van Buuren?
Can we hear some tracks from the Random Access Memories album?
Can we hear some tracks from the rock band Queen?
Can we hear something from The Dark Side of the Moon?
Can we hear something from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles?
Can we listen to Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Can we listen to Hotel California by The Eagles?
Can we listen to Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis? Its a masterpiece.
Can we listen to Kind of Blue by Miles Davis?
Can we listen to Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can we listen to Beethovens symphonies, the classics?
Can we listen to Crystal Methods album Divided by Night?
Can we listen to Crystal Methods live recordings?
Can we listen to Crystal Methods soundtrack contributions?
Can we listen to some Beethoven symphonies, the famous ones?
Can we listen to some blues genre classics?
Can we listen to some chill electronic from Tycho?
Can we listen to some chill lo-fi beats to relax to?
Can we listen to some classic Beatles albums?
Can we listen to some classic rock from the 70s?
Can we listen to some classic rock hits from the 80s?
Can we listen to some classic rock, maybe The Dark Side of the Moon?
Can we listen to some classical compositions by Mozart?
Can we listen to some classical music? Maybe Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Can we listen to some country music from Johnny Cash?
Can we listen to some country music hits?
Can we listen to some country music, maybe something from Johnny Cash?
Can we listen to some country tunes from Johnny Cash?
Can we listen to some electronic music similar to Crystal Method?
Can we listen to some electronic music? Maybe Windowlicker by Aphex Twin.
Can we listen to some film scores? Hans Zimmers compositions are epic.
Can we listen to some hip-hop beats?
Can we listen to some hip-hop, maybe Kendrick Lamar?
Can we listen to some hip-hop, perhaps a track by Kendrick Lamar?
Can we listen to some indie folk songs that are mellow and soothing?
Can we listen to some jazz by Miles Davis, those smooth tracks?
Can we listen to some live concert recordings? Preferably The Rolling Stones.
Can we listen to some live performances by Ed Sheeran?
Can we listen to some movie scores? Id love some John Williams.
Can we listen to some music by The Chemical Brothers?
Can we listen to some old school hip hop, like from Tupac?
Can we listen to some reggae? Play songs by Bob Marley.
Can we listen to something by Beethoven, maybe his symphonies?
Can we listen to something from the Crystal Method discography?
Can we listen to something from the album Play by Moby?
Can we listen to something from the jazz genre, maybe some Miles Davis?
Can we listen to the Abbey Road album by The Beatles, especially the B-side?
Can we listen to the Abbey Road album by The Beatles?
Can we listen to the Black Album by Metallica?
Can we listen to the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can we listen to the Hamilton soundtrack?
Can we listen to the Purple Rain album by Prince?
Can we listen to the Thriller album by Michael Jackson?
Can we listen to the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk?
Can we listen to the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can we listen to the essential tracks by The Rolling Stones?
Can we listen to the legendary album Nevermind by Nirvana?
Can we listen to the soundtrack from The Greatest Showman?
Can we listen to the soundtrack from Inception by Hans Zimmer?
Can we listen to the soundtrack from Inception?
Can we listen to the soundtrack of The Greatest Showman?
Can we listen to the top country hits right now?
Can we play some ambient music from Brian Eno thats really atmospheric?
Can we play some classic rock, maybe The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can we play some country music from Johnny Cash that tells a story?
Can we play some electronic tunes from Aphex Twin that are mind-bending?
Can we play some heavy metal from Metallica thats really powerful?
Can we play some tracks by Pink Floyd?
Can we play the Black Album by Metallica?
Can we play tracks from The Chemical Brothers that really pump up the energy?
Can you find me something by the composer Hans Zimmer?
Can you find some smooth jazz electronica for our dinner?
Can you play Abbey Road by The Beatles?
Can you play Adagio for Strings by Samuel Barber?
Can you play Adore You by Harry Styles? Im feeling poppy.
Can you play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Can you play Enter Sandman by Metallica right now?
Can you play Hotel California by The Eagles?
Can you play Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis?
Can you play Shape of You by Ed Sheeran?
Can you play Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Can you play Enya? Her music is very soothing.
Can you play Vivaldis Four Seasons for a classical touch?
Can you play Vivaldis Four Seasons?
Can you play Vivaldis Four Seasons? I love the Spring concerto.
Can you play a few songs by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you play a track by Daft Punk?
Can you play a track by Daft Punk? Im in the mood for electronic beats.
Can you play a track from the album Discovery by Daft Punk?
Can you play a track thats pure blues, maybe something from B.B. King?
Can you play some Chopin? Im in the mood for piano concertos.
Can you play some Crystal Method songs that are good for working out?
Can you play some Crystal Method? Like, the hits?
Can you play some K-pop? Im thinking of BTSs hits.
Can you play some Latin music? Id like to hear Shakiras energetic songs.
Can you play some ambient music by Brian Eno, the atmosphere architects?
Can you play some ambient music to relax to?
Can you play some ambient space music for studying?
Can you play some ambient tracks by Crystal Method?
Can you play some ambient tracks for studying?
Can you play some chill jazz albums for me?
Can you play some classic compositions by Bach?
Can you play some classic country songs, perhaps by Johnny Cash?
Can you play some classic rock from the album The Dark Side of the Moon?
Can you play some classic rock? Id love to hear The Dark Side of the Moon.
Can you play some classical piano pieces, perhaps by Chopin?
Can you play some classical piano, maybe a piece by Chopin?
Can you play some compositions by Chopin?
Can you play some country music from Johnny Cash?
Can you play some country music? Maybe some Johnny Cash classics?
Can you play some country tunes? Maybe something from Johnny Cash.
Can you play some electronic dance music hits?
Can you play some electronic music from the album Discovery by Daft Punk?
Can you play some energetic Crystal Method tracks for our workout?
Can you play some energetic rock music, maybe something from AC/DC?
Can you play some energetic trance tracks similar to Crystal Method?
Can you play some film scores? Id love to hear John Williams compositions.
Can you play some heavy metal? Maybe Metallicas Master of Puppets.
Can you play some iconic 80s music? I love retro vibes.
Can you play some jazz music for me?
Can you play some live jazz recordings?
Can you play some movie scores? Id love to hear Hans Zimmers compositions.
Can you play some music by Moby? I love the vibes in his songs.
Can you play some powerful electronic anthems, like those from Fatboy Slim?
Can you play some reggae to lighten the mood?
Can you play some relaxing classical music for studying?
Can you play some salsa music? Id like to hear Celia Cruz.
Can you play some smooth jazz tracks?
Can you play some songs from the Black Album by Metallica, the heavy hitters?
Can you play some songs from the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack?
Can you play some soothing classical piano music? Maybe Chopin?
Can you play some tracks by Daft Punk for me?
Can you play some tracks by Massive Attack for that trip-hop mood?
Can you play some tracks from the album Vegas by Crystal Method?
Can you play some upbeat reggae music, like Bob Marleys hits?
Can you play some upbeat reggae music?
Can you play some upbeat reggae music? How about tracks from Bob Marley?
Can you play some upbeat reggae music? Maybe some Bob Marley?
Can you play some upbeat tracks by Crystal Method?
Can you play something by Vivaldi, maybe his famous compositions?
Can you play something from The Wall by Pink Floyd?
Can you play something from Beethovens symphonies?
Can you play something from Beyoncés Lemonade?
Can you play something from The Beatles Abbey Road album?
Can you play something from the artist Billie Eilish?
Can you play something from the composer Hans Zimmer?
Can you play something from the genre of jazz?
Can you play something from the jazz genre?
Can you play that famous song by The Beatles, the one with the submarine?
Can you play that relaxing album by Norah Jones, the one with the soothing voice?
Can you play that smooth R&B track by Alicia Keys, the one with the piano?
Can you play that soulful blues record by B.B. King, the one with the guitar solos?
Can you play the Black Album by Metallica, I need some heavy metal.
Can you play the Black Album by Metallica?
Can you play the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd?
Can you play the Four Seasons by Vivaldi?
Can you play the Game of Thrones soundtrack?
Can you play the Gladiator film score by Hans Zimmer?
Can you play the Gladiator soundtrack? I love Hans Zimmers compositions.
Can you play the Inception score? I love those compositions by Hans Zimmer.
Can you play the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis?
Can you play the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven?
Can you play the Mozart Essentials playlist?
Can you play the Nevermind album by Nirvana?
Can you play the Thriller album by Michael Jackson?
Can you play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd to help me unwind?
Can you play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can you play the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Can you play the album Random Access Memories?
Can you play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play the album Abbey Road by The Beatles? Start with Come Together.
Can you play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play the album The Wall by Pink Floyd?
Can you play the album Vegas by Crystal Method?
Can you play the best tracks from Pink Floyds The Wall?
Can you play the chill-out playlist by Moby?
Can you play the chillout playlist?
Can you play the entire album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play the greatest hits from The Beatles?
Can you play the latest album by Radiohead?
Can you play the latest hits from Taylor Swift?
Can you play the most memorable film scores, like those composed by John Williams?
Can you play the most relaxing songs from Enya?
Can you play the most streamed songs from the pop genre?
Can you play the song Busy Child by Crystal Method?
Can you play the song Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana?
Can you play the song Strobe by Deadmau5?
Can you play the song Yesterday by The Beatles?
Can you play the soundtrack from Inception? I love Hans Zimmers compositions.
Can you play the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings?
Can you play the soundtrack from the movie Inception by Hans Zimmer?
Can you play the top country songs right now?
Can you play the top hits from the 80s? Im feeling nostalgic.
Can you play the top songs from the 80s?
Can you play the top tracks from the 90s?
Can you play the top tracks from the Rock genre?
Can you play the top tracks from the artist Billie Eilish?
Can you play tracks by Daft Punk that have that energetic feel?
Can you play tracks from the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Can you play tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play tracks from the album Vegas by Crystal Method?
Can you play tracks from the album Vegas by Crystal Method?
Can you put on some Beethoven symphonies?
Can you put on some R&B? Something from The Weeknds album Starboy would be nice.
Can you put on some classic Beethoven symphonies?
Can you put on some classical music from Mozart?
Can you put on some classical music, perhaps Vivaldis Four Seasons?
Can you put on some energetic K-pop to get us moving?
Can you put on some energetic electronic dance music?
Can you put on some film scores? Id love to hear the soundtrack of Inception by Hans Zimmer.
Can you put on some folk music, something from Bob Dylan?
Can you put on some jazz genre to set the mood?
Can you put on some jazz music for us?
Can you put on some jazz? Maybe something from Miles Davis.
Can you put on some lo-fi beats to study to?
Can you put on some music from the baroque period?
Can you put on some music from the punk band The Clash?
Can you put on some of that new Taylor Swift album, lets hear it.
Can you put on some relaxing Chopin nocturnes?
Can you put on some relaxing classical piano music?
Can you put on some smooth jazz to set the atmosphere?
Can you put on some trance music to help me focus on my yoga?
Can you put on that intense Chemical Brothers album?
Can you put on that song One More Time by Daft Punk?
Can you put on the Back to Black album by Amy Winehouse?
Can you put on the Blade Runner soundtrack by Vangelis?
Can you put on the Kind Of Blue album?
Can you put on the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can you put on the album The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can you put on the best songs by The Beatles?
Can you put on the song Numb by Linkin Park?
Can you queue up To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar?
Can you queue up some Bob Marley? I need some reggae.
Can you queue up some energetic K-pop songs?
Can you queue up the Black Album by Metallica? Its got power.
Can you queue up the Black Album by Metallica?
Can you shuffle play the Beatles greatest hits?
Can you shuffle some jazz tracks for me?
Can you shuffle some jazz tunes by Miles Davis?
Can you shuffle some songs by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle some songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle songs by Billie Eilish?
Can you shuffle songs by the Arctic Monkeys?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Adele?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Björk?
Can you shuffle songs from Nothing But the Beat by David Guetta for my exercise?
Can you shuffle songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle songs from the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack?
Can you shuffle songs from the Hamilton musical soundtrack?
Can you shuffle songs from the Purple Rain album by Prince?
Can you shuffle songs from the Crystal Methods Vegas album?
Can you shuffle the best of The Rolling Stones?
Can you shuffle the top 10 electronic dance music tracks?
Can you shuffle the top indie anthems from Arctic Monkeys?
Can you shuffle through the best of The Beatles?
Can you shuffle through the discography of The Beatles?
Can you shuffle through the top hits from the 80s?
Can you start the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey?
Can you throw on a track from Discovery by Daft Punk?
Could you play Adagio for Strings by the composer Samuel Barber?
Could you play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could you play Imagine by John Lennon?
Could you play Kind Of Blue, the album by Miles Davis?
Could you play Purple Rain by Prince?
Could you play Recomposed by Max Richter: Vivaldi – The Four Seasons?
Could you play Beethovens 9th Symphony?
Could you play a few songs from the artist Enya?
Could you play some ambient music to help me relax?
Could you play some classic rock, maybe a track by Led Zeppelin?
Could you play some cool blues albums, like from B.B. King?
Could you play some country music, perhaps Johnny Cash?
Could you play some energetic Bollywood tracks for my Zumba workout?
Could you play some energetic rock music, maybe something from The Rolling Stones?
Could you play some hip-hop hits from Kendrick Lamar?
Could you play some songs by Daft Punk?
Could you play some songs from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk that are epic?
Could you play some tracks from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk?
Could you play some upbeat salsa music for the party?
Could you play something by The Beatles? I love their music.
Could you play something from The Beatles White Album?
Could you play something from the baroque period?
Could you play that powerful opera piece by Puccini, the one with the high notes?
Could you play that romantic ballad by Adele, the one thats so heartfelt?
Could you play the Abbey Road album by The Beatles?
Could you play the Black Album by Metallica?
Could you play the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you play the Hamilton soundtrack? Im feeling theatrical.
Could you play the Inception score by Hans Zimmer? I want something epic.
Could you play the Kind of Blue album by Miles Davis?
Could you play the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven?
Could you play the Post album by Björk?
Could you play the Requiem composed by Mozart?
Could you play the Thriller album by Michael Jackson?
Could you play the album 1989 by Taylor Swift?
Could you play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd for us?
Could you play the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Could you play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play the best of Taylor Swift?
Could you play the chill-out playlist by Moby?
Could you play the composer Crystal Methods instrumental bangers?
Could you play the greatest hits from Madonna?
Could you play the latest album by Taylor Swift?
Could you play the latest film scores by Hans Zimmer?
Could you play the song Busy Child by Crystal Method?
Could you play the song Strobe by Deadmau5?
Could you play the song Rolling in the Deep from the album 21 by Adele?
Could you play the song Stairway to Heaven? Its by Led Zeppelin, from their fourth album.
Could you play the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings?
Could you play the soundtrack from the movie Inception?
Could you play the top hits from the 90s?
Could you play the top songs from the jazz artist Miles Davis?
Could you play the track Numb by Linkin Park?
Could you put on a track by Billie Eilish? I love her album When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go.
Could you put on some ambient music? Maybe Brian Eno?
Could you put on some classic blues, like tracks from B.B. King?
Could you put on some classic rock, like the best of Led Zeppelin?
Could you put on some classic rock? How about The Dark Side of the Moon?
Could you put on some classical music by Mozart?
Could you put on some jazz music? Something smooth.
Could you put on some relaxing nature sounds for meditation?
Could you put on that song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could you put on the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you put on the Discovery album by Daft Punk?
Could you put on the Thriller album by Michael Jackson?
Could you put on the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd for me?
Could you put on the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Could you put on the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey?
Could you put on the artist Radiohead for us? Their sound is unique.
Could you put on the latest songs from Taylor Swift?
Could you put on the rock playlist?
Could you queue up Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Could you shuffle some classic rock songs for me?
Could you shuffle some classic rock tunes?
Could you shuffle songs by Aphex Twin?
Could you shuffle songs from the genre synthwave?
Could you shuffle through the best of Chopin?
Could you start playing some classic rock tunes?
Could you start playing some jazz music?
Could you start playing the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you start playing the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Could you start playing tracks from Daft Punks latest album?
Could you start playing tracks from the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Could you, like, put on some chill-out tracks by Air?
Crank up some Skrillex, the bass droppers.
Crank up some country classics, Im feeling a bit nostalgic.
Crank up some energetic electronic dance music.
Crank up some tunes from Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Crank up the volume on Led Zeppelins rock hits, the powerful riffs.
Crank up those energetic K-pop hits that make us dance.
Fancy some jazz? Put on Miles Davis for us.
Feeling blue, play Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Feeling jazzy, play some tracks by Miles Davis.
Feeling like hip-hop tonight, play some Kendrick Lamar tracks.
Feeling like some Daft Punk, lets play their Discovery album.
Feeling like some folk music, play tracks by Simon & Garfunkel.
Feeling like some heavy metal, play Metallicas Black Album.
Feeling like some jazz, play Miles Davis tracks.
Feeling like some jazz, play the essentials from John Coltrane.
Feeling like some jazz, play the top tracks from Miles Davis.
Feeling like some jazz, put on Miles Davis.
Feeling nostalgic, lets hear Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Feeling nostalgic, lets listen to some 80s pop hits.
Feeling nostalgic, play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Feeling nostalgic, play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Feeling tense, can you play the Cafe del Mar compilations?
Feeling the blues, lets hear B.B. Kings Lucille.
Get some Sia playing, her voice is incredible.
Get the party started with Daft Punks One More Time, play it.
Get the party started with some Uptown Funk by Bruno Mars.
Get the party started with some Crystal Method hits.
Get the party started with some Crystal Method tracks.
Get the party started with some Salsa music, the rhythm makers.
Get the party started with some classic Beatles.
Get the party started with some hip-hop from Kendrick Lamar, the beat masters.
Get the party started with some reggae from Bob Marley, the chill vibes.
Get the party started with top hits from Rihanna.
Give me a mix of the best hip-hop songs out there.
Give me some of that chill lo-fi beats to relax to.
Give me some of the best compositions by Bach, the ones that stand out.
Give me some of the hardest dubstep tracks, like the ones from Excision.
Give me some smooth jazz to relax to.
Give me some tracks from the artist Lizzo.
Hey DJ, spin some energetic techno from Tiesto.
Hey DJ, spin some tracks from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Hey DJ, spin some tunes from the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack.
Hey, Im in the mood for, like, Crystal Method tunes.
Hey, can we get some Crystal Method going? Its the vibe.
Hey, can we get some Daft Punk playing? Im feeling it.
Hey, can we get some hip-hop vibes? Maybe play some Kendrick Lamar.
Hey, can you play a song by The Beatles?
Hey, can you play some Beethoven? Im in the mood for classical music.
Hey, can you play some Crystal Method? Like, the cool tracks?
Hey, can you play some Daft Punk? Like, the electronic beats?
Hey, can you play some Daft Punk? Maybe something from Random Access Memories?
Hey, can you play some ambient music? Perhaps something from Brian Enos Music for Airports.
Hey, can you play some ambient tracks for studying?
Hey, can you play some ambient tunes? Maybe something from Moby?
Hey, can you play some chill-out music from the Café del Mar series?
Hey, can you play some chill-out music? Maybe something like Air?
Hey, can you play some classical piano? Id like to hear some pieces by Liszt.
Hey, can you play some country music? Maybe something from Johnny Cash.
Hey, can you play some electronic music? Maybe something from Aphex Twin.
Hey, can you play some folk music? How about Bob Dylans album Highway 61 Revisited?
Hey, can you play some funk music? Maybe something from James Brown?
Hey, can you play some hip-hop? Id like to hear some tracks by Kendrick Lamar.
Hey, can you play some jazz? Something like Kind of Blue by Miles Davis would be great.
Hey, can you play some techno? Id like to hear something from Carl Cox.
Hey, can you play some top hits from the 90s?
Hey, can you play that Crystal Method track, the famous one?
Hey, can you play that Daft Punk track, the one everyone loves?
Hey, can you play that iconic Nirvana track, the one that defined a generation?
Hey, can you play that intense metal track by Metallica, the one with the fast drums?
Hey, can you play that legendary jazz album by John Coltrane, the one thats so influential?
Hey, can you play the Hamilton musical soundtrack?
Hey, can you play the Interstellar soundtrack by Hans Zimmer?
Hey, can you play the best tracks from Daft Punk?
Hey, can you play the greatest hits from Madonna?
Hey, can you play the top hits from The Beatles?
Hey, can you play tracks by Daft Punk for the vibe?
Hey, can you play tracks by Daft Punk? Im feeling it.
Hey, can you put on that iconic Rolling Stones record, the one with the lips?
Hey, could you play a track by Daft Punk?
Hey, could you play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Hey, could you play tracks by The Prodigy now?
Hey, how about playing tracks from the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Hey, how about playing tracks from the album Random Access Memories?
Hey, how about we listen to Beethovens symphonies, start playing them.
Hey, how about we listen to some country music by Johnny Cash, the soulful stories?
Hey, how about we listen to the Thriller album by Michael Jackson?
Hey, how about we play some jazz from Miles Davis that sets the mood?
Hey, lets dive into some electronic vibes, play Crystal Method.
Hey, lets explore some Crystal Method, play a mix of their albums.
Hey, lets get some Crystal Method playing, the bops.
Hey, lets get some Crystal Method playing, the ones with the vibe.
Hey, lets get some Crystal Method playing, their early hits.
Hey, lets get some K-pop energy, play BTS.
Hey, lets get some chill lo-fi beats to relax to.
Hey, lets get some energetic EDM to pump us up.
Hey, lets get some relaxing classical piano pieces playing.
Hey, lets hear some Crystal Method, the chill tracks.
Hey, lets hear some ambient music to relax.
Hey, lets hear some classic rock from the 70s.
Hey, lets hear some country tunes from Johnny Cash.
Hey, lets hear some of that cool Crystal Method stuff.
Hey, lets hear some upbeat pop from the 90s.
Hey, lets hear the greatest hits from the 80s pop genre.
Hey, lets hear the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings.
Hey, lets listen to Beethovens symphonies, theyre inspiring.
Hey, lets listen to some classic tunes from the Rolling Stones.
Hey, lets listen to some indie bands, something like Arctic Monkeys.
Hey, lets listen to some music by The Weeknd thats got that moody feel.
Hey, lets play some Daft Punk, the electronic legends.
Hey, lets play some Daft Punk, the ones that really groove.
Hey, lets play some Daft Punk, the tracks that really get the party started.
Hey, lets play some folk music, how about tracks by Simon & Garfunkel?
Hey, lets play some hip-hop from Kendrick Lamar, the ones that are lyrical masterpieces.
Hey, lets play some jazz, put on the album Blue Train by John Coltrane.
Hey, lets play some live concert recordings, the ones that make you feel like youre there.
Hey, lets play some reggae, put on Bob Marley and feel the vibe.
Hey, lets play some upbeat pop from Madonna, the tracks that are catchy.
Hey, play a couple of tracks from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk.
Hey, play me a couple of tracks from Abbey Road.
Hey, play some Daft Punk, its that kind of vibe.
Hey, play some ambient music, something like Brian Eno.
Hey, play some chill lo-fi beats, its time to relax.
Hey, play some electronic dance music, something like Avicii.
Hey, play some energetic rock, maybe something from Queen.
Hey, play some folk music, something from Simon & Garfunkel.
Hey, play some music by Nora Jones thats soothing and calm.
Hey, play some tracks by Daft Punk, its the vibe I need.
Hey, play some tracks from the album Random Access Memories.
Hey, play some upbeat pop music, how about Dua Lipa?
Hey, play that latest album by Billie Eilish, the mood-setters.
Hey, play that new Taylor Swift album, the catchy tunes.
Hey, play the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk.
Hey, play the latest hits from the hip-hop charts.
Hey, play the latest tracks by Daft Punk, Im in the mood for electronic beats.
Hey, play the most streamed songs from Ed Sheeran.
Hey, put on some Beethoven compositions for a classical touch.
Hey, put on some ambient music by Brian Eno.
Hey, put on some classic blues by B.B. King.
Hey, put on some energetic K-pop, like the hits from BTS.
Hey, put on some folk music by Simon & Garfunkel, the harmonious melodies.
Hey, put on some jazz, something like Miles Davis would be perfect.
Hey, put on that new Taylor Swift song.
Hey, put on that new album by The Weeknd, the hits only.
Hey, put on that song Clair de Lune by Debussy.
Hey, put on that song Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana.
Hey, shuffle some Crystal Method albums for us.
Hey, throw on some energetic K-pop hits, please.
Hit play on some energetic workout music, maybe some techno.
How about playing a few tracks from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles?
How about playing some ambient music by Brian Eno?
How about playing some indie songs by Arctic Monkeys, the cool jams?
How about some hip-hop? Put on Kendrick Lamar.
How about some reggae? Bob Marley would be perfect.
How about the Exodus album by Bob Marley?
How about we enjoy some K-pop from BTS, the catchy choruses?
How about we go country with some Johnny Cash?
How about we listen to Purple Rain by Prince?
How about we listen to some classic rock from The Beatles?
How about we listen to some compositions by Chopin? His piano works are amazing.
How about we listen to some tracks by The Weeknd?
How about we listen to the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey?
How about we listen to the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings?
How about we play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
I cant get enough of Radiohead, play their most impactful tracks.
I could go for some Bob Marley reggae vibes right now.
I could use a break, play some calming reggae music, please.
I fancy some electronic tunes, queue up Daft Punks hits.
I feel like chilling to jazz tunes by Miles Davis.
I feel like dancing to some salsa music, maybe something from Celia Cruz?
I feel like grooving to some funk from James Brown.
I feel like hearing Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I feel like hearing Thriller from the artist Michael Jackson.
I feel like hearing Beethovens symphonies.
I feel like hearing jazz music.
I feel like hearing some 90s hits from Crystal Method.
I feel like hearing some classic rock, put on Hotel California.
I feel like hearing the best of Chopins nocturnes.
I feel like hearing the greatest hits of the 80s.
I feel like hearing the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
I feel like hearing the most streamed hip-hop songs.
I feel like hip-hop today, play some Kendrick Lamar hits.
I feel like jamming to some Pink Floyd classics.
I feel like listening to Abbey Road, can you play it?
I feel like listening to Appetite for Destruction by Guns N Roses.
I feel like listening to The Eminem Show, can you play tracks from that album?
I feel like listening to Beethovens symphonies.
I feel like listening to Beethoven, start the Symphony No. 9.
I feel like listening to Chopins nocturnes.
I feel like listening to Crystal Method, play their song Name of the Game.
I feel like listening to jazz music right now.
I feel like listening to jazz, play some for me.
I feel like listening to reggae, play some Bob Marley.
I feel like listening to some Beethoven symphonies right now.
I feel like listening to some Beethoven symphonies, the classics.
I feel like listening to some Beethoven symphonies.
I feel like listening to some Country music hits, the heartwarmers.
I feel like listening to some Crystal Method remixes.
I feel like listening to some Daft Punk, the really groovy tracks.
I feel like listening to some aggressive tracks by Pendulum.
I feel like listening to some ambient tracks by Moby.
I feel like listening to some classic rock genre.
I feel like listening to some classical music, maybe some Chopin.
I feel like listening to some compositions by Hans Zimmer.
I feel like listening to some country tunes, how about Dolly Parton?
I feel like listening to some folk music, maybe Bob Dylan?
I feel like listening to some live jazz recordings.
I feel like listening to some reggae from Bob Marley.
I feel like listening to the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
I feel like listening to the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
I feel like listening to the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
I feel like listening to the album Random Access Memories.
I feel like listening to the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
I feel like listening to the essential tracks by The Beatles.
I feel like listening to the greatest hits of The Beatles.
I feel like listening to the latest album by Tame Impala.
I feel like listening to the top hits from the 80s.
I feel like rock today, play some Led Zeppelin.
I feel like rock, play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
I feel like some Beatles tunes, play their number one hits.
I feel like some Crystal Method, play their song Name of the Game.
I feel like some electronic music from Deadmau5, those club bangers.
I feel like some soul music, maybe Aretha Franklins hits.
I love film scores, play the iconic ones.
I love the album Thriller, play the best songs from it.
I need a dose of The Fat of the Land by The Prodigy during my cardio.
I need a dose of Billie Eilishs newest album.
I need a dose of K-pop, play BTSs latest album.
I need a dose of Madonna, spin me a track thats pop and catchy.
I need a dose of classic blues, how about B.B. King?
I need some AC/DC, play Back in Black to pump us up.
I need some Aphex Twin in my life, the crazier the better.
I need some Crystal Method to get me through this workout.
I need some chill indie music, maybe something from Bon Iver?
I need some chill lo-fi beats to cool down after my run.
I need some chill vibes, play Norah Jones.
I need some chill vibes, play an album by Norah Jones.
I need some chill-out music, maybe from the artist Moby?
I need some chill-out music, maybe something from Air.
I need some classical music, maybe some Bach or Beethoven.
I need some classical music, perhaps a symphony by Beethoven.
I need some classical piano, play Nocturnes by Chopin.
I need some electronic beats by The Chemical Brothers, the rhythm creators.
I need some energetic EDM to get me moving.
I need some energetic electro house music right now.
I need some energetic electronic music, maybe something from Daft Punk.
I need some energetic electronic music, maybe something from Deadmau5.
I need some energetic workout music, perhaps some EDM hits?
I need some energetic workout music, play the album Discovery by Daft Punk.
I need some heavy metal to power through my resistance training.
I need some heavy metal, play Master of Puppets by Metallica.
I need some hip hop vibes, play tracks from Kendrick Lamars latest album.
I need some hip hop, play tracks from Kendrick Lamars DAMN. album.
I need some indie vibes, play songs from Arctic Monkeys.
I need some inspiration, play compositions by Hans Zimmer.
I need some motivation, play Lose Yourself by Eminem.
I need some music with a punch, maybe some hard techno from Carl Cox.
I need some of the classic tunes from Hotel California by The Eagles.
I need some power ballads from the 80s, the ones full of emotion.
I need some pump-up hip-hop music, artists like Kendrick Lamar.
I need some rock, play Back in Black by AC/DC.
I need some soothing ambient music, maybe something from Brian Eno?
I need some soothing classical piano music.
I need some soothing classical piano, maybe Chopin?
I need some tranquility, play the genre lo-fi beats.
I need some workout music, maybe Eye of the Tiger by Survivor?
I need some workout music, play energetic electronic beats.
I need some workout music, play energetic electronic tracks.
I need some workout music, play high-energy pop songs.
I need to decompress, play the genre downtempo.
I need to destress, so how about playing some Bob Marley?
I need to hear Busy Child by Crystal Method, play it now.
I need to hear the latest tracks by Billie Eilish.
I need to hear the most popular K-pop tracks.
I need to listen to the song Black Dog by Led Zeppelin right now.
I need to relax with compositions by Chopin.
I need to relax, play acoustic covers.
I need to relax, play an ambient album by Brian Eno.
I need to take it easy, play some smooth jazz tunes.
I think its a perfect moment for the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk.
I wanna hear Crystal Method, like, their awesome beats.
I wanna hear some Crystal Method, like, the epic ones.
I wanna hear some Crystal Method, like, the unforgettable ones.
I wanna hear some Daft Punk, especially the upbeat tracks.
I wanna hear some Daft Punk, those tracks that really pump up the energy.
I wanna hear some classic Beethoven symphonies that stir the soul.
I wanna hear some film scores, the ones Hans Zimmer composed.
I wanna hear some indie folk, like a song from Fleet Foxes.
I wanna hear some sick beats by Crystal Method, you know?
I wanna hear that Crystal Method album, the one with the hits.
I wanna hear the best songs from the Abbey Road album.
I wanna hear the greatest hits from the rock genre.
I wanna hear the greatest hits of Daft Punk.
I wanna hear the latest Crystal Method, got anything?
I wanna hear, like, Crystal Methods dopest albums.
I wanna hear, like, Crystal Methods most iconic tracks.
I wanna hear, like, Crystal Methods most memorable tracks.
I wanna hear, like, Crystal Methods smoothest tracks.
I wanna hear, like, some Skrillex, the heavy drops.
I wanna listen to something by Daft Punk.
I wanna rock out to some AC/DC, play Back in Black.
I want to blast the latest pop music hits.
I want to discover some new jazz albums.
I want to discover some new pop artists.
I want to dive into Crystal Methods music, play a mix of their albums.
I want to dive into some Chopin nocturnes tonight.
I want to dive into some Chopin, especially his nocturnes.
I want to dive into some Chopin, his nocturnes are soothing.
I want to dive into some classic jazz albums, perhaps Miles Davis?
I want to dive into some classic rock, play The Beatles.
I want to dive into some deep house music tonight.
I want to dive into some folk music, play Bob Dylan.
I want to dive into some indie folk music, maybe something from Bon Iver?
I want to dive into some indie music, perhaps something from Arctic Monkeys?
I want to dive into some indie music, perhaps something from Tame Impala.
I want to dive into some indie rock, maybe Arctic Monkeys.
I want to dive into some indie rock, play Arctic Monkeys.
I want to dive into some old school hip-hop.
I want to dive into the blues with B.B. Kings best songs.
I want to dive into the electronic genre with some Aphex Twin.
I want to dive into the grunge scene with Nirvana.
I want to dive into the world of electronic dance music.
I want to explore Crystal Method songs with guest vocalists.
I want to explore electronic music, play the best of Daft Punk.
I want to explore folk music, play something from Bob Dylan.
I want to explore reggae, play Bob Marleys songs.
I want to explore some reggae, maybe start with Bob Marley?
I want to explore some songs by the artist Sia.
I want to explore the best of Chopins compositions.
I want to explore the discography of Taylor Swift.
I want to explore the genre that influenced Crystal Method.
I want to explore the punk rock scene with Green Days albums.
I want to hear Adagio for Strings by Tiesto to motivate my marathon training.
I want to hear Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen right now.
I want to hear Clair de Lune by Debussy, its so calming.
I want to hear Hotel California by The Eagles.
I want to hear Strobe by Deadmau5 while Im lifting weights.
I want to hear Thriller by Michael Jackson, its a classic!
I want to hear Crystal Method collaborations with other artists.
I want to hear a ballad by Adele, something soulful and deep.
I want to hear a composition by Hans Zimmer, something epic and cinematic.
I want to hear live performances by Eric Clapton.
I want to hear live performances, play concert recordings of Queen.
I want to hear some Beethoven compositions that stir the soul.
I want to hear some blues, maybe something from B.B. King.
I want to hear some blues, play The Thrill is Gone by B.B. King.
I want to hear some classic compositions by Mozart.
I want to hear some classic compositions, play Mozarts Requiem.
I want to hear some classic country, like Johnny Cash.
I want to hear some classic rock, play the best of Led Zeppelin.
I want to hear some classic rock, play the hits.
I want to hear some compositions by Hans Zimmer, his scores are epic.
I want to hear some country music, maybe some Johnny Cash hits.
I want to hear some country music, play tracks by Johnny Cash.
I want to hear some country, maybe Johnny Cash?
I want to hear some country, play Golden Hour by Kacey Musgraves.
I want to hear some country, play the essentials from Johnny Cash.
I want to hear some epic soundtracks, like those composed by John Williams.
I want to hear some folk music, play Simon & Garfunkel.
I want to hear some folk music, play tracks by Simon & Garfunkel.
I want to hear some indie rock, can you play Arctic Monkeys AM album?
I want to hear some indie songs from Arcade Fire that are heartfelt.
I want to hear some indie tunes, play the popular ones.
I want to hear some live jazz, play a recording of John Coltrane live.
I want to hear some reggae, play Legend by Bob Marley.
I want to hear some relentless electronic music, maybe from artists like Tiesto.
I want to hear some songs composed by Hans Zimmer.
I want to hear some soul music, can you play Aretha Franklins album I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You?
I want to hear some soul, play tracks by Aretha Franklin.
I want to hear something from Beethovens symphonies.
I want to hear that catchy reggae tune by Bob Marley, the one with the positive vibes.
I want to hear the Abbey Road album by The Beatles now.
I want to hear the Abbey Road album by The Beatles, its iconic.
I want to hear the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
I want to hear the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
I want to hear the Hamilton soundtrack while I work.
I want to hear the Hamilton soundtrack, its so catchy.
I want to hear the Hamilton soundtrack.
I want to hear the Random Access Memories album by Daft Punk.
I want to hear the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk.
I want to hear the Crystal Methods collaboration with Noisia.
I want to hear the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk, it has the right mood.
I want to hear the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear the artist Miles Davis, play something smooth.
I want to hear the award-winning film scores.
I want to hear the best compositions from Johann Sebastian Bach.
I want to hear the best of Chopin, play his nocturnes.
I want to hear the best of electronic dance music.
I want to hear the best songs from the 80s.
I want to hear the best songs from the grunge genre.
I want to hear the best tracks from the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack.
I want to hear the complete works of Beethoven.
I want to hear the compositions by Johann Sebastian Bach.
I want to hear the compositions of John Williams.
I want to hear the essential tracks of the punk genre.
I want to hear the genre Electronic, something like Crystal Method.
I want to hear the greatest film scores, play compositions by Hans Zimmer.
I want to hear the greatest hits from Beethoven.
I want to hear the greatest hits from The Beatles, the timeless classics.
I want to hear the greatest hits from The Beatles.
I want to hear the greatest hits from the composer Hans Zimmer.
I want to hear the greatest hits from the genre of trance.
I want to hear the greatest hits of Daft Punk.
I want to hear the greatest hits of Queen.
I want to hear the greatest hits of The Beatles.
I want to hear the greatest hits of the 80s, can you play that?
I want to hear the greatest hits of the 80s, play some Madonna.
I want to hear the greatest hits of the Rolling Stones.
I want to hear the latest K-pop hits.
I want to hear the latest from Billie Eilish, those haunting melodies.
I want to hear the latest hits from the pop genre.
I want to hear the latest pop songs.
I want to hear the latest songs by Taylor Swift.
I want to hear the latest songs from Lady Gaga.
I want to hear the latest tracks by Billie Eilish, can you play them?
I want to hear the latest tracks by The Weeknd.
I want to hear the masterpiece compositions by Hans Zimmer now.
I want to hear the most popular songs from the 80s.
I want to hear the most popular tracks by Adele.
I want to hear the most recent Crystal Method live recordings.
I want to hear the original compositions by Ennio Morricone.
I want to hear the song Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana.
I want to hear the song Smells Like Teen Spirit from Nirvana.
I want to hear the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings by Howard Shore.
I want to hear the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings composed by Howard Shore.
I want to hear the soundtrack from The Social Network by Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross.
I want to hear the soundtrack from the movie Inception by Hans Zimmer.
I want to hear the soundtrack from the movie The Godfather.
I want to hear the symphony composed by Beethoven.
I want to hear the top albums from the 90s grunge scene, perhaps Nirvana.
I want to hear the top songs from the 90s.
I want to hear the top songs from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar.
I want to hear the top tracks from the artist Adele.
I want to hear tracks composed by Hans Zimmer.
I want to listen to Beethovens symphonies, start with the 5th.
I want to listen to electronic music, maybe some tracks by Crystal Method.
I want to listen to some powerful songs composed by Hans Zimmer.
I want to listen to some top-charting K-pop, groups like BTS.
I want to listen to the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven.
I want to listen to the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to listen to the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
I want to listen to the greatest hits of The Beatles.
I want to listen to the song Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana.
I want to listen to the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
I want to mellow out, play tracks from Chillhop Essentials.
I want to relax to Chopins nocturnes, the serene melodies.
I want to relax with Norah Jones soothing voice, play her album Come Away with Me.
I want to relax with some ambient music, maybe Brian Enos work.
I want to relax with some classical guitar, maybe some pieces by Andrés Segovia.
I want to relax with some lo-fi beats to study to.
I want to relax with the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
I want to relax with the soothing sounds of Norah Jones, play her album.
I want to relax with the sounds of nature.
I want to relax, can you play some Norah Jones?
I want to relax, play Norah Jones Come Away With Me album.
I want to relax, play some Norah Jones albums.
I want to relax, play some Norah Jones songs.
I want to relax, play some ambient music by Brian Eno.
I want to relax, play some ambient tracks by Brian Eno.
I want to relax, play some chill-out music from the album Moon Safari by Air.
I want to relax, play some chillout music from the genre lounge.
I want to relax, play some classical music by Chopin.
I want to relax, play the Café del Mar chillout tracks.
I want to relax, please play the Chillout Sessions albums.
I want to rock out to AC/DC right now.
I want to rock out to Led Zeppelin, play Stairway to Heaven.
I want to rock out to Queens Bohemian Rhapsody, hit play.
I want to rock out to Queen, play their greatest hits album.
I want to rock out, play Back in Black by AC/DC.
Id appreciate it if you could play the artist Norah Jones for some serenity.
Id appreciate some energetic dubstep beats by Zeds Dead.
Id appreciate some soothing ambient tracks.
Id enjoy some country music hits, maybe from Johnny Cash?
Id enjoy some country music, maybe something by Johnny Cash.
Id enjoy some folk music from Bob Dylan.
Id enjoy some folk music from the 60s.
Id enjoy some live performances by Queen.
Id enjoy some live recordings, maybe an Eric Clapton concert.
Id enjoy some old school rap, like Run DMC.
Id enjoy the soulful voice of Aretha Franklin in her greatest hits.
Id like a mix of Bob Marleys reggae classics.
Id like some soothing classical music for my post-workout stretching.
Id like to dive into some blues, maybe something from B.B. King.
Id like to dive into some classic soul, maybe Aretha Franklins songs.
Id like to dive into some indie folk, perhaps songs from Bon Iver?
Id like to dive into the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id like to explore music by the composer Chopin.
Id like to explore reggae music.
Id like to explore some country music, maybe start with Johnny Cash.
Id like to explore some indie bands, like Arctic Monkeys.
Id like to explore some indie music from the 2000s.
Id like to explore some music by The Weeknd.
Id like to explore some music from the baroque period.
Id like to explore some reggae music, how about Bob Marley?
Id like to hear Kind Of Blue, the album by Miles Davis.
Id like to hear Beethovens 5th Symphony, can you put it on?
Id like to hear Beethovens Fifth Symphony, start the playback.
Id like to hear live performances by Eric Clapton.
Id like to hear some Chopin, perhaps his Nocturnes if you can.
Id like to hear some ambient music for meditation, any suggestions?
Id like to hear some blues, perhaps a track by B.B. King?
Id like to hear some classic rock, can you play that genre?
Id like to hear some compositions by Chopin, can you play them?
Id like to hear some compositions by Chopin.
Id like to hear some country music classics.
Id like to hear some country music, can you play Johnny Cash?
Id like to hear some country tunes, perhaps Johnny Cash?
Id like to hear some folk music, play Simon & Garfunkel.
Id like to hear some iconic country music, maybe Johnny Cash.
Id like to hear some indie rock, like Arctic Monkeys.
Id like to hear some indie rock, play tracks by Arctic Monkeys.
Id like to hear some jazz music now.
Id like to hear some jazz, maybe something by Miles Davis.
Id like to hear some live concert recordings of The Rolling Stones.
Id like to hear some live jazz, find me a good recording.
Id like to hear some reggae, maybe something from Bob Marley.
Id like to hear some tracks by the artist Björk.
Id like to hear something from the jazz genre.
Id like to hear that energetic dance track by Avicii, the one that gets everyone moving.
Id like to hear the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Id like to hear the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Id like to hear the Hamilton soundtrack.
Id like to hear the Inception score by Hans Zimmer, please.
Id like to hear the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Id like to hear the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear the Tron: Legacy album by Daft Punk.
Id like to hear the Crystal Method album with cool cover art.
Id like to hear the Crystal Method genre, play their best songs.
Id like to hear the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk.
Id like to hear the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
Id like to hear the best compositions by John Williams.
Id like to hear the best of Chopins nocturnes.
Id like to hear the best of reggae, play Bob Marley.
Id like to hear the essential blues tracks, maybe start with B.B. King?
Id like to hear the genre-defining album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear the greatest hits by Queen, please play them.
Id like to hear the greatest hits from Queen.
Id like to hear the greatest hits of Queen, can you play them?
Id like to hear the influential grunge album by Nirvana.
Id like to hear the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Id like to hear the latest album from The Weeknd.
Id like to hear the latest hits in electronic music.
Id like to hear the latest pop hits on the radio.
Id like to hear the most loved tracks from the artist Sia.
Id like to hear the most popular songs by Adele.
Id like to hear the most popular songs by Taylor Swift.
Id like to hear the soundtrack composed by Hans Zimmer.
Id like to hear the soundtrack from The Greatest Showman.
Id like to hear the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings by Howard Shore.
Id like to hear the top tracks from the artist Sia.
Id like to listen to Immersion album by Pendulum as I warm up.
Id like to listen to a country song, perhaps a hit by Johnny Cash.
Id like to listen to an album by Aphex Twin, preferably something ambient.
Id like to listen to compositions by Hans Zimmer.
Id like to listen to country music.
Id like to listen to some Vivaldi, particularly The Four Seasons.
Id like to listen to some classic blues.
Id like to listen to some classic rock from Led Zeppelin.
Id like to listen to some compositions by Chopin.
Id like to listen to some indie folk, maybe something by Fleet Foxes?
Id like to listen to some indie tracks.
Id like to listen to some of the best tracks by Moby, the ones with a lot of energy.
Id like to listen to the Blue album by Joni Mitchell.
Id like to listen to the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Id like to listen to the Discovery album by Daft Punk.
Id like to listen to the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Id like to listen to the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Id like to listen to the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Id like to listen to the album Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Id like to listen to the best of country music, maybe some Johnny Cash classics.
Id like to listen to the best of country music, play Johnny Cash.
Id like to listen to the essential blues tracks, artists like B.B. King.
Id like to listen to the greatest hits from Madonna.
Id like to listen to the greatest hits of Crystal Method.
Id like to listen to the greatest hits of Madonna.
Id like to listen to the greatest hits of The Prodigy.
Id like to listen to the greatest hits of the 80s.
Id like to listen to the jazz album Kind of Blue.
Id like to listen to the latest Crystal Method album.
Id like to listen to the top tracks by Moby.
Id like to listen to the top tracks from the 90s.
Id like to listen to the works of the Baroque period.
Id like to relax to some smooth R&B, maybe The Weeknd?
Id love to explore the compositions of the baroque genre.
Id love to hear Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen right now.
Id love to hear Kind Of Blue, so could you play that album by Miles Davis?
Id love to hear Beethovens symphonies right now.
Id love to hear Beethovens symphonies, play them now.
Id love to hear Beethovens symphonies.
Id love to hear Crystal Methods collaboration with other artists, play those tracks.
Id love to hear Dark Side of the Moon, play that album.
Id love to hear a song by Billie Eilish, something moody and contemporary.
Id love to hear an electronic track from the album Play by Moby.
Id love to hear jazz classics from Miles Davis.
Id love to hear live recordings of The Rolling Stones.
Id love to hear some Beethoven compositions, can you play them?
Id love to hear some Chopin nocturnes now.
Id love to hear some ambient music, perhaps something by Brian Eno.
Id love to hear some bass-heavy tunes from Bassnectar.
Id love to hear some blues by B.B. King, the soulful strums.
Id love to hear some blues by B.B. King, those guitar licks.
Id love to hear some blues music.
Id love to hear some blues, maybe something from B.B. King?
Id love to hear some classic Beethoven symphonies, can you play them?
Id love to hear some classic blues, play tracks by B.B. King.
Id love to hear some classic rock from The Beatles that never gets old.
Id love to hear some classical music from Mozart, can you play it?
Id love to hear some classical music from composer Ludwig van Beethoven.
Id love to hear some classical music, maybe something from Beethoven?
Id love to hear some country music hits.
Id love to hear some disco hits from ABBA that are fun.
Id love to hear some disco tunes, play some Bee Gees.
Id love to hear some jazz classics, maybe something by Miles Davis.
Id love to hear some jazz, play tracks by Miles Davis.
Id love to hear some reggae, like the legendary Bob Marley.
Id love to hear some tracks from the Born To Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Id love to hear some tunes from the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Id love to hear something from Beethoven, maybe a symphony?
Id love to hear that haunting melody by Enya, the one from the movie soundtrack.
Id love to hear the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Id love to hear the Black Album by Metallica right now.
Id love to hear the Black Album by Metallica.
Id love to hear the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id love to hear the Hamilton soundtrack, please start it.
Id love to hear the Interstellar soundtrack by Hans Zimmer.
Id love to hear the Play album by Moby, can you put it on?
Id love to hear the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Id love to hear the Crystal Method album with the song Busy Child.
Id love to hear the Crystal Method remixes.
Id love to hear the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd, play it.
Id love to hear the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk.
Id love to hear the artist Crystal Method, can you shuffle their songs?
Id love to hear the classical compositions of Beethoven.
Id love to hear the complete symphonies of Brahms.
Id love to hear the complete works of Chopin.
Id love to hear the compositions of Hans Zimmer this evening.
Id love to hear the defining tracks of the grunge genre, like Nirvanas hits.
Id love to hear the greatest hits from the artist Adele.
Id love to hear the greatest hits of Madonna.
Id love to hear the greatest hits of The Beatles, play them now.
Id love to hear the greatest reggae hits, play them.
Id love to hear the latest tracks by Billie Eilish, please play them.
Id love to hear the latest tracks by Billie Eilish.
Id love to hear the masterpiece compositions of Chopin.
Id love to hear the original soundtrack from The Lion King.
Id love to hear the soundtrack from The Lion King.
Id love to listen to Beethovens famous compositions.
Id love to listen to Beethovens most famous symphonies.
Id love to listen to compositions by Hans Zimmer.
Id love to listen to some classic rock, maybe The Rolling Stones?
Id love to listen to some indie, play the best of Arctic Monkeys.
Id love to listen to some jazz, maybe something from Miles Davis?
Id love to listen to something by Beethoven.
Id love to listen to the Hotel California album by the Eagles.
Id love to listen to the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id love to listen to the compositions by Chopin.
Id love to listen to the iconic songs from the Mamma Mia soundtrack.
Id love to listen to the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings.
Id love to relax to some jazz, put on Miles Davis.
Im a fan of Adele, play her chart-topping songs.
Im a fan of Chopin, play his most renowned compositions.
Im a fan of Chopin, play his most renowned pieces.
Im a fan of Mozart, play the symphonies that are masterful.
Im a fan of film scores, play the top compositions by Hans Zimmer.
Im a fan of soundtracks, play the compositions that are epic and memorable.
Im all about Adele at the moment, play the songs that are heart-wrenching.
Im all about K-pop right now, play the hits that are catchy and vibrant.
Im all about The Beatles right now, play the ones that resonate with me.
Im all about The Beatles right now, play their top tracks.
Im all about hip-hop, play the beats that are iconic.
Im all about that Beethoven life, spin some of his symphonies.
Im all for some Crystal Method, play the good ones.
Im captivated by Miles Davis, play the jazz thats smooth and cool.
Im craving some Bob Marley, the tracks that defined reggae.
Im craving some Crystal Method beats, hit play on that.
Im craving some reggae, play me a Bob Marley tune.
Im curious about the most streamed hip-hop tracks this year.
Im digging deep into blues, play the records that are raw and real.
Im down for some electronic dance music, lets hear The Chemical Brothers.
Im down for some tunes from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk.
Im exploring country music, play the tracks that are heartfelt and true.
Im exploring new music, play the top songs from alternative bands.
Im exploring reggae, play the music thats laid back and meaningful.
Im exploring reggae, play the top tracks from Bob Marley.
Im fascinated by Bach, play the works that are timeless.
Im feelin some Crystal Method vibes right now, play it.
Im feeling blue, play some soulful blues albums.
Im feeling energetic, lets blast some Skrillex.
Im feeling like country today, play songs by Johnny Cash.
Im feeling like some Tchaikovsky symphonies would be nice.
Im feeling like some hip-hop, play tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
Im feeling nostalgic, can you play Hotel California by The Eagles?
Im feeling nostalgic, can you play Purple Rain by Prince?
Im feeling nostalgic, can you play 90s alternative rock?
Im feeling nostalgic, can you play some 90s alternative rock?
Im feeling nostalgic, play 90s alternative rock hits.
Im feeling nostalgic, play 90s alternative rock.
Im feeling nostalgic, play 90s grunge rock hits.
Im feeling nostalgic, play Madonnas hits that take me back.
Im feeling nostalgic, play me a 90s hit from Nirvana.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 90s grunge music.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 90s grunge rock.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 2000s pop hits.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 80s hits, maybe some Madonna.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 80s music, the retro vibes.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 80s pop hits for me.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 80s pop hits.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 80s rock anthems.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 90s alternative rock.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 90s grunge music.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 90s hip hop for me.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 90s hip-hop tracks.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some 90s techno hits.
Im feeling nostalgic, play some songs from the 70s.
Im feeling nostalgic, play songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Im feeling nostalgic, play the Back in Black album by AC/DC.
Im feeling nostalgic, play the oldies from the 80s.
Im feeling nostalgic, play the top hits from the 80s.
Im feeling some Chemical Brothers, play a tune thats got that electronic twist.
Im feeling some electronic beats, play Immunity by Jon Hopkins.
Im feeling some heavy metal, play tracks by Metallica.
Im feeling some hip hop vibes, can you play To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar?
Im feeling some rock vibes, can you play something from Queen?
Im feeling stressed, please play some Mozart for relaxation.
Im feeling the blues, play B.B. Kings best songs.
Im feeling the blues, play the songs that are soul-stirring.
Im feeling the blues, play the top tracks from B.B. King.
Im hooked on the Rolling Stones, play the songs that really rock.
Im hosting a party, play dance hits that everyone will love.
Im in a country mood, play anything by Johnny Cash.
Im in a dancing mood, play Discovery by Daft Punk.
Im in the mood for Hotel California by The Eagles.
Im in the mood for Beethoven symphonies.
Im in the mood for Beethovens symphonies, put them on.
Im in the mood for Beethovens symphonies, the ones everyone knows.
Im in the mood for Beethovens symphonies, what about you?
Im in the mood for Beethovens symphonies.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, can you play his 5th Symphony?
Im in the mood for Beethoven, can you play his Symphony No. 9?
Im in the mood for Beethoven, can you play his famous symphonies?
Im in the mood for Beethoven, can you play his symphonies?
Im in the mood for Beethoven, give me a symphony thats powerful and moving.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play his Symphony No. 9.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play his Symphony No. 5.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play his Symphony No. 9.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play his most famous symphonies.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play his symphonies.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play his symphony.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play one of his symphonies.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play the 5th Symphony.
Im in the mood for Beethoven, play the symphonies.
Im in the mood for Bob Marleys reggae music.
Im in the mood for Chopins compositions, play one.
Im in the mood for Chopins nocturnes, play them.
Im in the mood for Chopins nocturnes, the piano gems.
Im in the mood for Chopins nocturnes.
Im in the mood for Chopin, play some of his nocturnes.
Im in the mood for Chopin, play the pieces that evoke emotion.
Im in the mood for Crystal Methods chill-out songs.
Im in the mood for Crystal Methods early work.
Im in the mood for Crystal Method, play their album Tweekend.
Im in the mood for Crystal Method, play their best.
Im in the mood for Crystal Method, play their top tracks.
Im in the mood for Mozart, can you play his concertos?
Im in the mood for The Beatles, spin their greatest hits.
Im in the mood for Tiesto, spin me a record thats got that beat.
Im in the mood for blues, get B.B. King playing.
Im in the mood for blues, play B.B. Kings greatest hits.
Im in the mood for blues, play some B.B. King classics.
Im in the mood for blues, play something from B.B. King.
Im in the mood for blues, play the top tracks from B.B. King.
Im in the mood for classical, play compositions by Bach.
Im in the mood for country, play Johnny Cashs Folsom Prison Blues.
Im in the mood for country, play some Johnny Cash hits.
Im in the mood for country, play some Johnny Cash.
Im in the mood for country, play something from Johnny Cash.
Im in the mood for electronic, how about some Aphex Twin?
Im in the mood for electronic, play Firestarter by The Prodigy.
Im in the mood for electronic, play albums by The Prodigy.
Im in the mood for electronic, play some tracks by Deadmau5.
Im in the mood for electronic, play the latest from Deadmau5.
Im in the mood for folk music, can you play tracks from Bob Dylan?
Im in the mood for folk music, play something by Bob Dylan.
Im in the mood for folk music, play something from Bob Dylan.
Im in the mood for folk music, play songs by Bob Dylan.
Im in the mood for hip-hop, play the top tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
Im in the mood for hip-hop, play tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
Im in the mood for indie folk music.
Im in the mood for indie, play Fleet Foxes self-titled album.
Im in the mood for indie, play Little Talks by Of Monsters and Men.
Im in the mood for indie, play Arctic Monkeys hits.
Im in the mood for indie, play something from Arctic Monkeys.
Im in the mood for indie, play something from Tame Impala.
Im in the mood for jazz, maybe something from Miles Davis.
Im in the mood for jazz, perhaps a tune by Miles Davis?
Im in the mood for jazz, play some Miles Davis tracks.
Im in the mood for jazz, play some Miles Davis.
Im in the mood for jazz, play something by Miles Davis.
Im in the mood for jazz, play something from John Coltrane, please.
Im in the mood for jazz, play something from Miles Davis.
Im in the mood for jazz, play something smooth.
Im in the mood for jazz, put on some Miles Davis.
Im in the mood for jazz, spin some Miles Davis for us.
Im in the mood for live acoustic sessions, any recommendations?
Im in the mood for live recordings of The Beatles.
Im in the mood for old-school hip-hop, throw on some Tupac hits.
Im in the mood for reggae, play Legend by Bob Marley.
Im in the mood for reggae, play Bob Marleys albums.
Im in the mood for reggae, play some Bob Marley classics.
Im in the mood for reggae, play some Bob Marley.
Im in the mood for rock, play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Im in the mood for rock, play some hits by Queen.
Im in the mood for rock, play the best of Led Zeppelin.
Im in the mood for some 90s grunge, play Nirvanas Nevermind.
Im in the mood for some Beatles tunes, play their greatest hits.
Im in the mood for some Beethoven symphonies, can you play them?
Im in the mood for some Beethoven symphonies, only the best ones.
Im in the mood for some Beethoven, start the symphony.
Im in the mood for some Bob Marley reggae, the songs that feel like summer.
Im in the mood for some Bob Marley reggae.
Im in the mood for some Bob Marley, the reggae master.
Im in the mood for some Chopin compositions.
Im in the mood for some Chopin nocturnes.
Im in the mood for some Chopin, play his Nocturnes.
Im in the mood for some Crystal Method, play their album Community Service.
Im in the mood for some Knife Party, the tracks that really pump you up.
Im in the mood for some Skrillex bass drops during my HIIT session.
Im in the mood for some blues, can you play B.B. King?
Im in the mood for some blues, play B.B. Kings classics.
Im in the mood for some blues, play B.B. King.
Im in the mood for some blues, play a track.
Im in the mood for some blues, play anything from B.B. King.
Im in the mood for some classic Michael Jackson tunes.
Im in the mood for some classic rock, play tracks from Led Zeppelin IV.
Im in the mood for some classic tunes from Fatboy Slim.
Im in the mood for some classical guitar, play compositions by Tarrega.
Im in the mood for some classical music, maybe something from Beethoven?
Im in the mood for some country music, something like Johnny Cash.
Im in the mood for some country tunes, play something from Johnny Cash.
Im in the mood for some country, maybe play some Johnny Cash.
Im in the mood for some country, play hits by Johnny Cash.
Im in the mood for some electronic beats, play a few tracks by Daft Punk.
Im in the mood for some electronic dance music.
Im in the mood for some folk music, how about Harvest by Neil Young?
Im in the mood for some folk music, how about Bob Dylan?
Im in the mood for some folk music, maybe Bob Dylan?
Im in the mood for some hard-hitting beats by Deadmau5.
Im in the mood for some heavy metal, bands like Metallica.
Im in the mood for some hip-hop, play Illmatic by Nas.
Im in the mood for some indie bands, play something like Arctic Monkeys.
Im in the mood for some indie folk music.
Im in the mood for some live Eric Clapton tunes.
Im in the mood for some live concert recordings of The Rolling Stones.
Im in the mood for some live jazz, play Miles Daviss concert recordings.
Im in the mood for some live jazz, play something from a live session.
Im in the mood for some opera, play compositions by Verdi.
Im in the mood for some pop, can you play Dua Lipas Future Nostalgia album?
Im in the mood for some salsa music, the ones that make you want to dance.
Im in the mood for the Kind of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Im in the mood for the blues, play some B.B. King.
Im in the mood for the jazz classics from Miles Davis.
Im in the mood for the symphonies of Beethoven.
Im in the mood for the top country genre hits.
Im in the zone for some electronic beats, play Deadmau5.
Im interested in Crystal Method songs with cool bass lines.
Im interested in Crystal Methods side projects, play some of that.
Im interested in folk music, play the essentials from Bob Dylan.
Im interested in hearing compositions by Chopin.
Im interested in hearing live performances by Eric Clapton.
Im interested in hearing some blues guitar classics.
Im interested in hearing some indie bands, can you play something from Tame Impala?
Im interested in hearing some indie electronic from Röyksopp.
Im interested in hearing some indie folk tunes.
Im interested in hearing some indie folk, maybe something by Bon Iver?
Im interested in hearing some indie tracks, perhaps something from Bon Iver?
Im interested in hearing some live recordings of Queen.
Im interested in hearing the best albums from the grunge era.
Im interested in hearing the best compositions from Chopin.
Im interested in hearing the best of country music by Johnny Cash.
Im interested in hearing the influential compositions of Chopin.
Im interested in hearing the latest tracks from the K-pop genre.
Im interested in hearing the top country songs.
Im interested in hearing the works of composer John Williams.
Im interested in hearing the works of the composer Hans Zimmer.
Im interested in some country music, how about some Johnny Cash?
Im interested in the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Im interested in the electronic vibes from Tiestos hits.
Im interested in the top country hits right now.
Im interested in the top songs from the baroque era, especially by Handel.
Im interested in the works of the composer John Williams.
Im into K-pop, play the latest from BTS.
Im into K-pop, play the top tracks from BTS.
Im into The Beatles right now, play their greatest hits.
Im into classic rock, play the tracks that are legendary.
Im into electronic music, play the top tracks by Daft Punk.
Im into electronic music, play the tunes that are rhythmically hypnotic.
Im into folk music, play the top tracks from Simon & Garfunkel.
Im into folk music, play the tunes that tell a story.
Im into heavy metal, play the songs that are powerful and intense.
Im into hip-hop, play the top tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
Im into indie bands, play the songs that are underground hits.
Im into indie bands, play the top tracks from Arctic Monkeys.
Im looking to relax, play something from the Buddha Bar series.
Im loving the energy of punk rock, play the anthems that are rebellious.
Im obsessed with Nirvana right now, play the tracks that defined a generation.
Im ready for some 80s hits, play Michael Jackson.
Im ready for some classic rock, queue up Led Zeppelin.
Im ready for some country tunes, play Johnny Cash.
Im ready for some heavy metal, play Master of Puppets by Metallica.
Im ready for some hip-hop, play the hits from Kendrick Lamar.
Im ready for some hip-hop, play the top tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
Im ready for some reggae, play Bob Marleys greatest hits.
Im ready to dance, play the best disco tracks.
Im ready to dance, play the most popular tracks by Daft Punk.
Im really into Beethoven these days, play the compositions that stir the soul.
Im reminiscing, can you play Madonnas Like a Prayer album?
Im studying, play some compositions by Bach to concentrate.
Im studying, play some instrumental classical music.
Im studying, play some instrumental jazz to focus.
Im studying, so please play instrumental music.
Im thinking about The Beatles, play their Sgt. Peppers album.
Im thinking about reggae, play the classics from Bob Marley.
Im thinking about some country tunes, perhaps Johnny Cash.
Im thinking of The Beatles, play the album Abbey Road.
Im thinking of chill vibes, maybe some lo-fi beats to relax to.
Im thinking of some chill ambient music, maybe from Brian Eno.
Im thinking of some chill-out music, maybe something by Moby?
Im thinking some Nirvana would set the right mood.
Im thinking some Vivaldi concertos would be nice right about now.
Im throwing a party, play dance music all night long.
Ive been enjoying Adele lately, play her chart-topping tracks.
Ive been exploring jazz, play the albums that define the genre.
Ive been into jazz lately, play some classic albums.
Its a good time for Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis, dont you agree?
Its time for some electronic vibes, play Daft Punk.
Its time to rock out to Back in Black by AC/DC, right?
Lets blast some Nirvana, the grunge anthems.
Lets blast some heavy metal, maybe Metallicas greatest hits.
Lets dive into Chopins nocturnes.
Lets dive into some Kendrick Lamar tracks, the hip-hop poetry.
Lets dive into some classic rock, play the hits.
Lets dive into some classical music, perhaps a Chopin nocturne or two.
Lets dive into some deep house music tracks.
Lets dive into some electronic music, maybe something like The Prodigy?
Lets dive into some electronic vibes, play Daft Punks album.
Lets dive into some indie folk, perhaps Fleet Foxes?
Lets dive into some indie folk, play Fleet Foxes.
Lets dive into some indie music from the 2000s.
Lets dive into some indie music, surprise me with the artist.
Lets dive into some indie tracks by Arctic Monkeys.
Lets enjoy some folk music by Bob Dylan, the storytellers.
Lets enjoy some jazz from Miles Davis, the smoothest ones.
Lets enjoy the greatest hits from the genre of jazz.
Lets explore some electronic music, how about Aphex Twin?
Lets explore some indie music, play tracks by Bon Iver.
Lets explore some indie music, starting with Tame Impalas hits.
Lets explore some indie music, surprise me with the artist.
Lets get funky with James Brown, play his hits.
Lets get funky, play Superstition by Stevie Wonder.
Lets get funky, play Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars.
Lets get groovy with some funk from James Brown, the groove makers.
Lets get nostalgic with some 80s rock hits blasting!
Lets get pumped with Eye of the Tiger by Survivor!
Lets get pumped with some electronic dance music from Deadmau5.
Lets get pumped with some electronic dance music!
Lets get pumped with some electronic dance music, play Avicii.
Lets get pumped with some high-energy techno tracks!
Lets get some Beatles classics going, play their top tracks.
Lets get some Beatles songs going, maybe Abbey Road?
Lets get some Beethoven symphonies going, the ones that are truly epic.
Lets get some Bob Marley reggae going for a chill vibe.
Lets get some Bob Marley reggae going for the chill vibes.
Lets get some Bob Marley reggae going.
Lets get some Chopin nocturnes in the background.
Lets get some Crystal Method going in here, alright?
Lets get some Crystal Method playing, something from the 2000s.
Lets get some Crystal Method playing, the bops from the album Community Service.
Lets get some Crystal Method vibes, play their album Divided by Night.
Lets get some Kendrick Lamar on, the lyrical genius.
Lets get some Latin music playing, start with Shakira.
Lets get some Taylor Swift songs playing, the chart-toppers.
Lets get some Tchaikovsky compositions going, the ones that are dramatic.
Lets get some ambient music for studying, maybe some Brian Eno?
Lets get some beats by The Chemical Brothers going.
Lets get some blues going, play the classics.
Lets get some country music going, maybe something from Johnny Cash.
Lets get some country music going, something by Johnny Cash.
Lets get some electronic music, how about some Skrillex?
Lets get some energetic pop music going, maybe from Katy Perry.
Lets get some energetic workout tracks going, maybe some EDM bangers.
Lets get some energy going with some Skrillex beats.
Lets get some energy going with the best of The Prodigy.
Lets get some energy with Skrillexs dubstep tracks.
Lets get some epic film scores going for my crossfit workout.
Lets get some funky beats, play James Brown.
Lets get some funky music going, play some James Brown classics.
Lets get some funky tunes by James Brown on.
Lets get some groovy funk from James Brown, the tracks that are iconic.
Lets get some high-energy tracks from Crystal Method going.
Lets get some high-tempo beats going, something in the style of Infected Mushroom.
Lets get some hip hop vibes with Kendrick Lamar.
Lets get some hip-hop going, play tracks by Kendrick Lamar.
Lets get some hip-hop vibes with Kendrick Lamar.
Lets get some indie rock going, play tracks by Arctic Monkeys.
Lets get some indie rock, play something from The Strokes.
Lets get some pop hits from Taylor Swift, the chart toppers.
Lets get some pop music going, maybe Taylor Swifts latest album?
Lets get some pop music going, play Taylor Swifts album 1989.
Lets get some reggae going with Bob Marley.
Lets get some reggae going, how about Bob Marley?
Lets get some reggae music going.
Lets get some trance vibes going with music by Armin van Buuren.
Lets get some tunes from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Lets get the party started with some reggae music.
Lets go back to the 70s, play some disco hits.
Lets go back to the 80s, play the best of Duran Duran.
Lets go back to the 80s, play the top hits from that decade.
Lets go classical, play some Vivaldi concertos.
Lets have some ambient music for studying.
Lets have some blues, put on B.B. King, will you?
Lets have some fun with Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars.
Lets have some fun with K-Pop hits, the dance starters.
Lets have some fun with K-pop, play BTSs greatest hits.
Lets have some fun with pop music, play the top tracks by Taylor Swift.
Lets have some reggae music in the background.
Lets hear Hotel California by the Eagles, such a classic.
Lets hear Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis, a true jazz masterpiece.
Lets hear some Beethoven compositions to set a peaceful atmosphere.
Lets hear some Beethoven symphonies to relax after my workout.
Lets hear some Beethoven, play the classics.
Lets hear some aggressive drum and bass, artists like Noisia come to mind.
Lets hear some alternative rock from Radiohead.
Lets hear some blues, like the soulful B.B. King.
Lets hear some blues, play some B.B. King.
Lets hear some classic Beatles tracks to lighten the mood.
Lets hear some classic country, play Johnny Cash.
Lets hear some classic rock from The Rolling Stones, the iconic hits.
Lets hear some classic rock from the Led Zeppelin IV album.
Lets hear some classic rock, can you put on Led Zeppelin?
Lets hear some classic rock, how about The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Lets hear some classic rock, play Hotel California by The Eagles.
Lets hear some classical music composed by Beethoven.
Lets hear some compositions by Bach, his concertos are great.
Lets hear some compositions by Hans Zimmer.
Lets hear some compositions from Hans Zimmer that are really epic.
Lets hear some compositions from Hans Zimmer, the movie scores.
Lets hear some country music, play the top albums.
Lets hear some country tunes from Johnny Cash, the soul soothers.
Lets hear some energetic electronic music, play tracks by Deadmau5.
Lets hear some iconic movie soundtracks, the epic ones.
Lets hear some iconic rock anthems from the 70s.
Lets hear some indie rock, play something from Arctic Monkeys.
Lets hear some jazz from Miles Davis.
Lets hear some jazz, cue up anything by Miles Davis.
Lets hear some jazz, how about a track by Miles Davis?
Lets hear some jazz, play tracks from Miles Davis.
Lets hear some live jazz performances, the kind that feel intimate.
Lets hear some live tracks from the Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Lets hear some music with a tropical vibe, maybe some songs by Jack Johnson.
Lets hear some rock anthems from Queen.
Lets hear some rock, how about Back in Black by AC/DC?
Lets hear some tracks from the Inception score by Hans Zimmer that are intense.
Lets hear some tracks from the artist Madonna.
Lets hear something from the OK Computer album, its got a vibe.
Lets hear the A Night at the Opera album by Queen.
Lets hear the Black Album by Metallica.
Lets hear the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Lets hear the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk.
Lets hear the Crystal Method songs featured in movies.
Lets hear the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Lets hear the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk, please.
Lets hear the complete Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Lets hear the essential songs by Madonna.
Lets hear the essential tracks from Pink Floyds Dark Side of the Moon.
Lets hear the evolution of Crystal Method, play their albums in chronological order.
Lets hear the full album In Silico by Pendulum.
Lets hear the greatest hits by Madonna.
Lets hear the greatest hits from Madonna, the dance floor classics.
Lets hear the greatest hits from Madonna.
Lets hear the greatest hits from The Beatles.
Lets hear the greatest hits from the 80s genre.
Lets hear the greatest hits from the composer Hans Zimmer.
Lets hear the latest album by Adele, play it now.
Lets hear the latest album by Crystal Method.
Lets hear the most influential tracks by the artist Bob Dylan.
Lets hear the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings.
Lets hear the soundtrack from the movie Inception by Hans Zimmer.
Lets hear the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
Lets hear the standout tracks from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Lets hear the top songs from the electronic genre.
Lets hear the top tracks from Crystal Method.
Lets hear the top tracks from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Lets hear the top tracks from the K-Pop genre.
Lets hear the top tracks from the composer Hans Zimmer.
Lets jam to some beats by Daft Punk, shall we?
Lets listen to Beethovens compositions, start with his 5th Symphony.
Lets listen to Crystal Method, play their top tracks.
Lets listen to some ambient tracks influenced by Crystal Method.
Lets listen to some classic compositions by Mozart.
Lets listen to some classic rock music.
Lets listen to some country music, how about starting with Johnny Cash?
Lets listen to some electronic music, maybe Deadmau5?
Lets listen to some grunge, Nirvana would be perfect.
Lets listen to some grunge, play Nevermind by Nirvana.
Lets listen to some iconic jazz, maybe Miles Davis masterpieces.
Lets listen to some indie folk, like songs from Fleet Foxes.
Lets listen to some jazz from Miles Davis.
Lets listen to some punk rock, play The Clashs iconic tracks.
Lets listen to some reggae, put on Bob Marley.
Lets listen to the Black Album by Metallica.
Lets listen to the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Lets listen to the Black Album by Metallica.
Lets listen to the defining grunge tracks by Nirvana.
Lets listen to the defining tracks of the grunge movement.
Lets listen to the essential reggae tracks.
Lets listen to the essential tracks of hip-hop.
Lets listen to the soundtrack from The Greatest Showman.
Lets mellow out with some Norah Jones, her voice is so soothing.
Lets party! Play One More Time by Daft Punk.
Lets play some classic compositions from Mozart that are masterful.
Lets play some hip-hop to get the party going.
Lets play some jazz music from Miles Davis.
Lets play some reggae, Bob Marleys songs that make you feel good.
Lets play the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk that has a unique sound.
Lets relax with some downtempo pieces by Bonobo.
Lets relax with the soothing sounds of Norah Jones.
Lets rock out to AC/DC, play their live album.
Lets rock out to some Led Zeppelin classics.
Like, I wanna hear some Crystal Method, the bangers.
Play Adagio for Strings by composer Samuel Barber.
Play Appetite for Destruction by Guns N Roses, I need some energy.
Play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen for the singalong.
Play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, I love that song.
Play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, please.
Play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Play Bohemian Rhapsody from the album A Night at the Opera by Queen.
Play Born This Way album by Lady Gaga for my dance cardio.
Play Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play Four Seasons by Vivaldi, its that kind of day.
Play Hotel California by the Eagles.
Play In the Mood for Love soundtrack, I need something calming.
Play Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis for our dinner music.
Play Mykonos by Fleet Foxes, that song is amazing.
Play OK Computer by Radiohead, Im in the mood for some alternative rock.
Play Rumours by Fleetwood Mac, Im feeling some classic vibes.
Play Shake It Off by Taylor Swift, I love that song.
Play Shape of You by Ed Sheeran.
Play Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Play Stairway to Heaven, the timeless tunes.
Play The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play The Planets by Holst, Im feeling astronomical.
Play The Wall by Pink Floyd, I love that album.
Play Thriller by Michael Jackson, its a classic.
Play Thriller by Michael Jackson, its perfect for this party.
Play Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar, I need some thoughtful hip-hop.
Play Weightless by Marconi Union, its supposed to be very calming.
Play Worlds by Porter Robinson for my stretching routine.
Play Beethovens 5th Symphony.
Play Crystal Method and similar artists in a genre mix.
Play Crystal Methods Vegas album, starting with Busy Child.
Play Crystal Methods album Legion of Boom.
Play Crystal Methods most popular album.
Play Crystal Methods soundtrack music.
Play a couple of songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Play a couple of songs from the Play album by Moby.
Play a couple of songs from the artist Adele.
Play a couple of tracks from Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Play a couple of tracks from Random Access Memories by Daft Punk.
Play a couple of tracks from Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play a couple of tracks from Adeles 21, the heartstring pullers.
Play a couple of tracks from the A Night at the Opera album by Queen.
Play a couple of tracks from the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Play a couple of tracks from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack.
Play a couple of tracks from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar.
Play a couple of tracks from the jazz legend Miles Davis.
Play a few songs by Lady Gaga.
Play a few songs by the composer Hans Zimmer.
Play a few songs from the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack.
Play a few songs from the genre of blues, maybe start with B.B. King.
Play a few songs written by Max Martin.
Play a few tracks from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk.
Play a few tracks from the genre of reggae.
Play a hip-hop beat by Kendrick Lamar, I need some lyrical genius.
Play a jazz piece by Miles Davis, something smooth and cool.
Play a mix of Crystal Method and The Chemical Brothers.
Play a playlist curated by Crystal Method.
Play a playlist of Crystal Methods instrumental tracks.
Play a random album by Crystal Method.
Play a selection of Crystal Methods most popular tracks.
Play a selection of ambient music tracks for relaxation.
Play a selection of reggae music.
Play a song from the Mamma Mia soundtrack.
Play a song from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Play a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play a song from the artist Lizzo, I love her energy.
Play a track by Lady Gaga to get the party started.
Play a track from The Eminem Show, please.
Play a track from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a track from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play compositions by Chopin, I need some piano music.
Play me a couple of tracks from the Black Album by Metallica.
Play me a song by The Beatles, something upbeat.
Play me a song from The Dark Side of the Moon.
Play me a track from The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play me a track from The Prodigy, something that hits hard.
Play me a track from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play me some classic rock anthems, like Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Play me some disco hits, like Stayin Alive by the Bee Gees.
Play me some energetic electronic dance music, like Daft Punk.
Play me some high-energy songs from The Prodigys album The Fat of the Land.
Play me some songs from the Mamma Mia soundtrack, I love those tunes.
Play me something from the Moon Safari album by Air.
Play me something from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Play me something from the 80s, like Michael Jacksons Thriller.
Play some Beethoven compositions, I need some classical vibes.
Play some Bob Marley for a reggae afternoon.
Play some Chopin for me, his nocturnes are my favorite.
Play some Crystal Method, focusing on their early work.
Play some Crystal Method, preferably from the Tweekend album.
Play some R&B, maybe something smooth by Sade.
Play some acoustic guitar albums, I need to unwind.
Play some ambient music by Brian Eno for studying.
Play some ambient music for meditation, like stuff from Brian Eno.
Play some ambient music for relaxation.
Play some ambient music for studying, maybe Brian Enos albums.
Play some ambient music for studying, maybe something from Brian Eno.
Play some ambient music for studying, something calm.
Play some ambient music for studying, something calming.
Play some ambient music for studying.
Play some ambient music thats good for focusing.
Play some ambient music to help me sleep.
Play some ambient music to relax to.
Play some ambient music to relax.
Play some ambient music, I need to relax.
Play some ambient tracks for studying, maybe something from Brian Eno.
Play some ambient tracks for studying.
Play some blues from B.B. King that really resonate.
Play some blues, I need something with soul.
Play some blues, like B.B. Kings album Live at the Regal.
Play some blues, maybe a track by B.B. King.
Play some blues, maybe something by B.B. King.
Play some calming classical music for studying.
Play some calming piano music, perhaps Chopin or Debussy.
Play some catchy K-pop tunes, like songs from BTS.
Play some catchy K-pop tunes, maybe something from BTS?
Play some chill ambient music, maybe something from Brian Eno.
Play some chill lo-fi beats for studying.
Play some chill lo-fi beats to relax to.
Play some chill lo-fi beats to study to.
Play some chill lo-fi beats, the kind thats perfect for studying.
Play some chill-out music from Mobys albums.
Play some chill-out music from the album Moon Safari by Air.
Play some chill-out music, maybe Moon Safari by Air.
Play some chill-out music, maybe something from Airs Moon Safari?
Play some chill-out music, maybe something from Crystal Method.
Play some chill-out music, maybe something from Moby?
Play some classic blues, like the soulful tracks from B.B. King.
Play some classic compositions by Mozart for concentration.
Play some classic compositions by Mozart, I adore his work.
Play some classic compositions by Mozart.
Play some classic compositions by Vivaldi, his Four Seasons.
Play some classic reggae, like Bob Marleys greatest hits.
Play some classic rock anthems to pump up my weightlifting session.
Play some classic rock from the 70s.
Play some classic rock music.
Play some classic rock tunes for us.
Play some classic rock, how about Hotel California by The Eagles?
Play some classic rock, how about Led Zeppelin IV?
Play some classic rock, like a hit from Led Zeppelin.
Play some classic rock, like anything from The Beatles.
Play some classic rock, maybe hits from Led Zeppelin.
Play some classic rock, something like Led Zeppelin.
Play some classic tracks by The Beatles.
Play some classic tracks from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Play some classic tracks from The Beatles.
Play some classical guitar, put on Andrés Segovia.
Play some compositions by Hans Zimmer, I love his scores.
Play some cool blues from B.B. King.
Play some cool blues, Id love to hear B.B. King.
Play some cool indie tracks, like Tame Impalas The Less I Know The Better.
Play some cool reggae music from Bob Marley.
Play some cool tracks from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac, the timeless songs.
Play some country hits, maybe something from Johnny Cash.
Play some country music, maybe a song by Johnny Cash?
Play some electronic music, the kind thats perfect for a workout.
Play some energetic EDM to get the party started!
Play some energetic K-pop, maybe a track by BTS?
Play some energetic dance music, lets hear tracks by Avicii.
Play some energetic electro house tracks.
Play some energetic electronic dance music.
Play some energetic electronic music from Daft Punk.
Play some energetic electronic music, like Daft Punks hits.
Play some energetic electronic music, maybe something from Daft Punk?
Play some energetic pop music, maybe something from Lady Gagas albums?
Play some energetic rock music for our workout.
Play some energetic techno, get the party started with Daft Punk.
Play some energetic tracks from Fatboy Slim, the ones that make you want to dance.
Play some energetic workout music to get me pumped!
Play some energetic workout music, like Eye of the Tiger.
Play some energetic workout music, maybe hip-hop or EDM.
Play some energetic workout music.
Play some hard rock classics, maybe AC/DC?
Play some heavy metal, Im in the mood for Metallica.
Play some heavy metal, like Metallicas Master of Puppets.
Play some hip-hop beats from Kendrick Lamar.
Play some hip-hop hits from Kendrick Lamar.
Play some hip-hop, I need beats with attitude.
Play some hip-hop, Im thinking something from Kendrick Lamar.
Play some hot Latin tracks, I need to dance.
Play some iconic movie soundtracks, like those by Hans Zimmer.
Play some iconic tracks by The Beatles.
Play some jazz music from Miles Davis.
Play some jazz music that sets a relaxing atmosphere.
Play some lively salsa music, something to dance to.
Play some music by Hans Zimmer, I love his soundtracks.
Play some music by The Rolling Stones, their early stuff.
Play some music by the artist Sia, her most popular songs.
Play some music by the composer John Williams, his film scores are amazing.
Play some music from the baroque period.
Play some of the best hits from the artist Adele, please.
Play some of the best tracks from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Play some of the iconic tracks from the metal band Metallica.
Play some of the most intense and driving tracks from the electronic genre.
Play some of the most intense tracks from the genre of breakbeat.
Play some old-school rap, like a track from Tupac Shakur.
Play some reggae for me, like Bob Marleys album Exodus.
Play some reggae, Bob Marley would be great right now.
Play some reggae, Bob Marley would be perfect right now.
Play some reggae, like tracks by Bob Marley.
Play some reggae, something from Bob Marley would be great.
Play some relaxing ambient tracks by Brian Eno.
Play some relaxing classical music, maybe a playlist with Bach and Vivaldi.
Play some relaxing compositions by Ludovico Einaudi.
Play some relaxing music, how about the album Kind of Blue?
Play some relaxing nature sounds, like a forest ambiance album.
Play some relaxing piano pieces by Chopin.
Play some relaxing reggae music, how about Bob Marley?
Play some smooth R&B from Alicia Keys.
Play some smooth R&B from the early 2000s.
Play some smooth R&B, I want to hear Usher.
Play some smooth jazz to set the dinner mood.
Play some smooth reggae from Bob Marley.
Play some soft acoustic guitar music for a peaceful night in.
Play some songs from the A Night at the Opera album by Queen.
Play some songs from the Born This Way album by Lady Gaga.
Play some soothing Classical music, maybe some Chopin.
Play some soothing ambient music, maybe something from Brian Eno.
Play some soothing classical guitar pieces, perhaps something by Andrés Segovia.
Play some soothing classical guitar, perhaps something by Andrés Segovia.
Play some soothing classical music for meditation.
Play some soothing classical music for studying.
Play some soothing classical music from Chopin.
Play some soothing classical music, maybe some Chopin nocturnes.
Play some soothing classical music, perhaps some Bach.
Play some soulful music from Aretha Franklin.
Play some soulful tracks from Aretha Franklin that are empowering.
Play some top hits from the 80s, like something from Madonna.
Play some tracks by Daft Punk for their electronic vibes.
Play some tracks composed by Scott Kirkland from Crystal Method.
Play some tracks from A Night at the Opera by Queen.
Play some tracks from Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Play some tracks from The Eminem Show album.
Play some tracks from Thriller by Michael Jackson, the hit wonders.
Play some tracks from Adeles latest album to soothe the soul.
Play some tracks from the A Star Is Born soundtrack.
Play some tracks from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play some tracks from the Tron: Legacy score by Daft Punk.
Play some tracks from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk.
Play some tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson, the pop classics.
Play some tracks from the composer Vivaldi, something baroque.
Play some tracks similar to Crystal Methods style.
Play some upbeat electronic music, something like Crystal Method.
Play some upbeat pop music for the party.
Play some upbeat pop music, maybe Taylor Swifts top tracks?
Play some upbeat pop music, perhaps tracks by Taylor Swift.
Play some upbeat reggae music.
Play something chill from Crystal Method, maybe from the album The Trip Home.
Play something chill from the artist Tycho.
Play something from The Eminem Show, I need some rap.
Play something from Taylor Swifts Reputation.
Play something from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Play something from the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Play something from the Hamilton soundtrack, its so catchy!
Play something from the Baroque period, maybe some Vivaldi.
Play something from the artist Adele, her soulful songs.
Play something from the baroque era, maybe Vivaldi.
Play something from the baroque period, perhaps Vivaldi?
Play something from the grunge era, like Nirvanas Smells Like Teen Spirit.
Play something from the rock genre.
Play something funky, Id love to hear Off the Wall by Michael Jackson.
Play something funky, maybe get some James Brown going.
Play something upbeat like Uptown Funk.
Play that catchy tune by Billie Eilish.
Play that classic folk song by Bob Dylan, the one that tells a story.
Play that energetic electronic track by Deadmau5, the one thats really popular.
Play that energetic workout playlist.
Play that famous country song by Johnny Cash, the one about the prison.
Play that famous piano piece by Chopin.
Play that haunting score by Hans Zimmer.
Play that hit song by Billie Eilish, you know which one.
Play that love ballad by Adele.
Play that one hit by The Weeknd.
Play that one song by Crystal Method, you know the one.
Play that popular song from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack.
Play that relaxing album by Norah Jones.
Play that upbeat pop song by Bruno Mars, the one thats all over the radio.
Play the Black Album by Metallica, Im feeling metal today.
Play the Black Album by Metallica.
Play the Chopin Nocturnes by Arthur Rubinstein.
Play the Drive soundtrack by Kavinsky while Im on the treadmill.
Play the Four Seasons by Vivaldi.
Play the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack, I love those tunes.
Play the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack, its awesome.
Play the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Play the Hamilton soundtrack, I love those revolutionary tunes.
Play the Hotel California album by the Eagles.
Play the Kind of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Play the Pure Moods album, I need to chill out.
Play the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Play the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac for me.
Play the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Play the Tron: Legacy score by Daft Punk, its epic.
Play the Tron: Legacy soundtrack by Daft Punk for some sci-fi atmosphere.
Play the Crystal Method album that has Busy Child on it.
Play the Crystal Method album that won an award.
Play the Crystal Method song that was in the movie The Matrix.
Play the album Abbey Road by The Beatles from start to finish.
Play the album Ambient 1: Music for Airports by Brian Eno.
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis for a relaxing evening.
Play the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis in its entirety.
Play the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk for my workout.
Play the album Random Access Memories in its entirety.
Play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac, I need to relax.
Play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play the album The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd thats timeless.
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson, it fits the mood.
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play the album Rumours in its entirety.
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play the artist Adele, I need some soulful music to relax.
Play the artist Billie Eilish, I like her unique sound.
Play the artist Moby, especially the tracks that are chill.
Play the artist Sade, I love her smooth, relaxing music.
Play the artist known as The Weeknd.
Play the award-winning film scores by Hans Zimmer.
Play the award-winning songs by Lady Gaga.
Play the best compositions by Hans Zimmer.
Play the best compositions by Mozart.
Play the best compositions by the classical artist Chopin.
Play the best compositions by the film composer John Williams.
Play the best hits from the 80s, I need some nostalgia.
Play the best of Adele, her voice is so powerful.
Play the best of Adele, those heart-wrenching ballads.
Play the best of Chopin for a night of classical music.
Play the best of Chopin, I need some piano music.
Play the best of John Williams compositions, the epic ones.
Play the best of Johnny Cash.
Play the best of Vivaldis concertos, I love classical music.
Play the best of electronic music from the album Discovery by Daft Punk.
Play the best of electronic music, maybe some tracks by Deadmau5.
Play the best of reggae, Im in the mood for chill vibes.
Play the best of the artist Taylor Swift.
Play the best songs from the 90s grunge scene.
Play the best songs from the 80s.
Play the best songs from the grunge era, like Pearl Jam or Soundgarden.
Play the best songs from the soundtrack of The Greatest Showman.
Play the best tracks from the Chillhop Essentials playlist.
Play the best tracks from the 90s alternative scene.
Play the classical compositions by Chopin.
Play the composer Crystal Methods electronic beats.
Play the defining songs of the punk movement.
Play the defining tracks of the grunge era, like Nirvanas hits.
Play the energetic beats from the album Immersion by Pendulum.
Play the essential blues tracks by B.B. King.
Play the essential tracks from The Eminem Show album.
Play the essential tracks from the metal genre.
Play the full Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Play the full album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play the full album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac, start to finish.
Play the full album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play the greatest hits by Queen.
Play the greatest hits from The Beatles for me.
Play the greatest hits from the artist Adele.
Play the greatest hits from the composer Hans Zimmer.
Play the greatest hits of The Beatles, I need some nostalgia.
Play the greatest hits of the 90s, I want to reminisce.
Play the greatest punk rock songs from The Ramones.
Play the iconic Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Play the iconic album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play the latest album by Billie Eilish for me.
Play the latest album by Billie Eilish, I love her music.
Play the latest album by Billie Eilish, Ive heard its great.
Play the latest album by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest album by Coldplay.
Play the latest album by Crystal Method.
Play the latest album by Daft Punk for me.
Play the latest album by Daft Punk.
Play the latest album by Radiohead and get the mood right!
Play the latest album by Radiohead.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift, I love her music.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift, I love her songs.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift, please.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift, the one with the catchy tunes.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Play the latest album by The Prodigy.
Play the latest album by The Weeknd for me, please.
Play the latest album by The Weeknd, its been on my mind.
Play the latest album by The Weeknd.
Play the latest album from Tiesto for me.
Play the latest hard electronic tracks by Steve Aoki.
Play the latest hits from Calvin Harris to boost my elliptical workout.
Play the latest hits from the pop genre.
Play the latest songs by Taylor Swift.
Play the latest songs from Billie Eilish.
Play the latest songs from Lady Gaga, please.
Play the latest track by Daft Punk.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish for me.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish, I love her unique sound.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish, Ive been wanting to hear them.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish, Ive heard theyre good.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish, her style is so unique.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish, the ones that are trending now.
Play the latest tracks from Billie Eilish, I love her music.
Play the latest tracks from Daft Punk.
Play the latest tracks from Lady Gaga, I need to catch up.
Play the latest tracks from The Weeknd.
Play the most famous film scores by John Williams.
Play the most influential hip-hop tracks by Tupac.
Play the most influential hip-hop tracks, like the ones from Jay-Z.
Play the most loved songs from the musical Hamilton.
Play the most loved tracks by Fleetwood Mac.
Play the most loved tracks from the album Back in Black by AC/DC.
Play the most memorable songs from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Play the most popular K-pop songs, I want to dance.
Play the most popular K-pop songs.
Play the most popular jazz tunes by Miles Davis.
Play the most popular songs by Adele.
Play the most popular songs by The Beatles.
Play the most popular songs by The Chainsmokers.
Play the most popular songs by The Weeknd for our party.
Play the most popular songs by The Weeknd.
Play the most popular songs from the 80s genre.
Play the most popular songs from the 80s.
Play the most popular songs from the 90s.
Play the most popular songs from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play the most popular songs from the artist Drake that everyone loves.
Play the most popular songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play the most popular songs in the pop genre.
Play the most popular tracks by Adele.
Play the most popular tracks from the Tron: Legacy soundtrack.
Play the most popular tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play the most popular tracks from the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey.
Play the most popular tracks from the genre of reggae.
Play the most relaxing songs by composer Enya.
Play the most streamed hip-hop tracks right now.
Play the most streamed pop songs this week.
Play the most streamed pop songs, I want to hear whats popular.
Play the most streamed songs by Ariana Grande.
Play the most streamed songs by Ed Sheeran.
Play the most streamed songs from the genre K-pop.
Play the newest album by Daft Punk for me.
Play the original soundtrack from The Godfather.
Play the song Billie Jean by Michael Jackson.
Play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, its a masterpiece.
Play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, the anthems.
Play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Play the song Lose Yourself by Eminem.
Play the song Midnight City by M83.
Play the song Numb by Linkin Park.
Play the song One More Time by Daft Punk.
Play the song Purple Haze by Jimi Hendrix.
Play the song Purple Rain by Prince.
Play the song Rolling in the Deep by Adele.
Play the song Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana.
Play the song Strobe by Deadmau5, please.
Play the song Strobe by Deadmau5.
Play the song Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen.
Play the song that won the Grammy last year.
Play the song with the epic guitar solo by Jimi Hendrix.
Play the soundtrack from the movie Inception composed by Hans Zimmer.
Play the soundtrack from the movie Inception.
Play the top 5 songs by the artist Adele.
Play the top country songs for me, Im exploring the genre.
Play the top hits from the 80s genre.
Play the top hits from the 80s, I love that era.
Play the top hits from the 80s, Im feeling nostalgic.
Play the top hits from the 90s grunge scene.
Play the top hits from the electronic dance music genre.
Play the top hits from the jazz genre for me, please.
Play the top hits from the jazz genre.
Play the top songs by Lady Gaga.
Play the top songs by The Beatles.
Play the top songs from Daft Punk.
Play the top songs from the 80s genre.
Play the top songs from the 90s grunge scene, like Nirvana.
Play the top songs from the 80s.
Play the top songs from the 90s grunge scene, like Nirvana or Pearl Jam.
Play the top songs from the 90s grunge scene, start with Nirvana.
Play the top songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play the top songs from the electronic genre.
Play the top songs from the hip-hop charts.
Play the top tracks by Miles Davis for me.
Play the top tracks from Crystal Method.
Play the top tracks from Daft Punk.
Play the top tracks from the Guardians of the Galaxy album.
Play the top tracks from the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk.
Play the top tracks from the artist Adele.
Play the top tracks from the artist Aphex Twin.
Play the top tracks from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play the top tracks from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play the top tracks from the artist Prince.
Play the top tracks from the electronic genre.
Play three tracks by the artist Adele.
Please play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, you know, their hit song.
Please play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Please play Folsom Prison Blues by Johnny Cash.
Please play OK Computer by Radiohead.
Please play some ambient music to relax.
Please play some classic compositions by Mozart.
Please play some classic rock music for me.
Please play some classical guitar, maybe something by Andrés Segovia.
Please play some energetic techno music.
Please play some influential grunge music, like Nirvanas best songs.
Please play some music by the composer John Williams.
Please play some top-charting K-pop songs.
Please play some tracks from Adeles latest album.
Please play something by Mozart for my study session.
Please play the Born in the U.S.A. album by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Please play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please play the album Mezzanine by Massive Attack.
Please play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Please play the album Vegas by Crystal Method.
Please play the artist Moby for me.
Please play the composer Hans Zimmers epic soundtracks.
Please play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Please play the top hits from the 80s.
Please play the top tracks by The Chemical Brothers.
Put on Random Access Memories by Daft Punk, I love that album.
Put on a metal track by Metallica, something loud and intense.
Put on a song by Fatboy Slim, I need to hear that funky groove.
Put on some Bob Marley, Exodus album would be perfect.
Put on some Madonna hits, lets have an 80s throwback!
Put on some ambient music for meditation.
Put on some chill lo-fi beats to relax to.
Put on some classic Rolling Stones albums.
Put on some classic rock tunes, please.
Put on some classical music by Mozart.
Put on some energetic electronic dance music.
Put on some hard-hitting house music, something similar to Crystal Method.
Put on some jazz by Miles Davis, the smooth operators.
Put on some smooth R&B from Alicia Keys, please.
Put on some unforgettable electronic music, perhaps the hits of Tiesto.
Put on that Crystal Method song from the Tweekend album.
Put on that energetic trance album by Armin Van Buuren.
Put on that hit song from the Beatles.
Put on that new Taylor Swift album, I need to hear it.
Put on that new song by Billie Eilish, please.
Put on that new track by Skrillex, will you?
Put on that song Clair de Lune by Debussy.
Put on that song Strobe by Deadmau5, will you?
Put on the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Put on the Black Album by Metallica.
Put on the Discovery album by Daft Punk.
Put on the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Put on the Hamilton soundtrack, I love that musical.
Put on the Inception soundtrack by Hans Zimmer.
Put on the best album from Radiohead.
Put on the best songs from the 90s grunge scene.
Put on the best songs from the artist Adele.
Put on the best tracks by The Beatles.
Put on the genre electronica, something like Crystal Method.
Put on the greatest hits by Queen.
Put on the greatest hits from Madonna, please.
Put on the greatest hits from The Beatles, the legendary songs.
Put on the latest album by Taylor Swift, please.
Put on the latest hits from the Pop genre, lets liven up the mood.
Put on the latest tracks by The Weeknd that resonate with the heart.
Put on the latest tracks from Billie Eilish, please.
Put on the song Firestarter by The Prodigy.
Put on the track Busy Child by Crystal Method.
Queue some of the iconic country songs by Johnny Cash.
Queue the most famous opera arias.
Queue up Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Queue up Tiestos greatest hits for my spinning class.
Queue up a playlist of Beethovens symphonies.
Queue up a song from the artist Billie Eilish.
Queue up some ambient space music for meditation.
Queue up some ambient tracks by Brian Eno.
Queue up some baroque music, perhaps Vivaldis compositions.
Queue up some catchy Ariana Grande songs that are trending now.
Queue up some chill-out music, play the artist Moby.
Queue up some classic Beatles tunes.
Queue up some classic rock from the 70s.
Queue up some classic rock music.
Queue up some classic rock songs for the road trip.
Queue up some classic rock tracks.
Queue up some classic rock, like Led Zeppelin.
Queue up some electronic music similar to Crystal Method.
Queue up some energetic K-pop to kickstart my aerobics routine.
Queue up some energetic electronic dance music.
Queue up some energetic electronic music, something like Justice.
Queue up some energetic punk rock from The Ramones.
Queue up some energetic rock from AC/DC!
Queue up some of the most dynamic and hard-hitting tracks by Underworld.
Queue up some old-school hip-hop, maybe some tracks by Tupac.
Queue up some songs by The Beatles with a cheerful vibe.
Queue up some songs composed by Hans Zimmer.
Queue up some songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Queue up some songs from the blues genre.
Queue up some tracks from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Queue up some tracks from the artist Adele.
Queue up some upbeat reggae music for the party.
Queue up that energetic K-pop playlist and lets move!
Queue up that energetic techno playlist.
Queue up that iconic rock album by Queen.
Queue up that song Clair de Lune by Debussy.
Queue up the A Star Is Born soundtrack, its so good.
Queue up the A Star Is Born soundtrack.
Queue up the Back in Black album by AC/DC.
Queue up the Born Slippy track by Underworld.
Queue up the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Queue up the Hamilton soundtrack, Im feeling theatrical.
Queue up the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Queue up the Play album by Moby.
Queue up the album Drive by Crystal Method.
Queue up the artist Crystal Method and their album Legion of Boom.
Queue up the best Crystal Method tracks for a party.
Queue up the best compositions by Hans Zimmer.
Queue up the best of Chopin.
Queue up the best songs from The Beatles Abbey Road.
Queue up the best songs from the genre of trip-hop.
Queue up the best songs from the rock band Queen.
Queue up the best tracks from Lady Gaga.
Queue up the energetic beats by The Prodigy.
Queue up the greatest hits from the 90s grunge scene.
Queue up the latest K-pop hits, please.
Queue up the latest tracks from the pop genre.
Queue up the legendary album Pet Sounds by The Beach Boys.
Queue up the most iconic film scores that take you on an adventure.
Queue up the most popular songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Queue up the top 10 hits from the artist Drake.
Queue up the top songs by Lana Del Rey.
Queue up the top tracks from the jazz genre.
Resume playing the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Resume the jazz genre mix.
Resume the jazz playlist with tracks from Miles Davis.
Resume the playlist with Daft Punk tracks.
Set the mood with Frank Sinatras Fly Me to the Moon, play it.
Set the vibe with lo-fi beats to study to, please play it.
Shuffle some ambient music by Brian Eno that calms the mind.
Shuffle some indie folk songs for a cozy evening at home.
Shuffle some songs from the rock band Queen.
Shuffle some upbeat jazz tunes for my dance practice.
Shuffle songs by Billie Eilish.
Shuffle songs by Crystal Method.
Shuffle songs by Post Malone right now.
Shuffle songs by the composer Hans Zimmer.
Shuffle the Crystal Method songs that feature guest vocalists.
Shuffle the greatest hits of the Rolling Stones.
Shuffle the most popular songs by Crystal Method.
Shuffle through some EDM tracks.
Spin some reggae tunes from Bob Marley that uplift the spirit.
Spin some tracks from The Beatles Abbey Road.
Spin some tunes from Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon, the mind-benders.
Spin that new song by Adele.
Spin the record Abbey Road from The Beatles.
Start a Crystal Method playlist, I need some electronic inspiration.
Start a playlist with the greatest hits of The Beatles.
Start a session with Crystal Methods award-winning songs.
Start a session with the top reggae songs, include Bob Marley.
Start playing Abbey Road by The Beatles for the nostalgia.
Start playing In Silico by Pendulum for my gym session.
Start playing The Dark Side of the Moon album for some Pink Floyd ambiance.
Start playing Thriller by Michael Jackson, its that kind of night.
Start playing Beethovens 5th Symphony.
Start playing Beethovens Fifth Symphony.
Start playing Beethovens symphonies, the classical masterpieces.
Start playing Crystal Method tracks from the 90s.
Start playing Crystal Methods Trip Like I Do track for me.
Start playing jazz music on the speakers.
Start playing some Electronic music, something with a beat.
Start playing some Jazz classics, something smooth.
Start playing some Skrillex, the really heavy stuff.
Start playing some ambient music from Brian Eno.
Start playing some ambient music, maybe something from Brian Eno?
Start playing some blues to relax.
Start playing some blues, maybe a track by B.B. King.
Start playing some catchy pop songs from the 2000s.
Start playing some chill lo-fi beats for studying, please.
Start playing some classic rock tracks.
Start playing some energetic electronic dance music.
Start playing some iconic rock songs, like those from Queen.
Start playing some jazz from Miles Davis, the smoothest ones.
Start playing some jazz, perhaps a tune by Miles Davis?
Start playing some smooth R&B tunes, how about something from Alicia Keys?
Start playing some tracks from the K-pop genre.
Start playing songs from The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start playing songs from the artist Billie Eilish.
Start playing songs from the artist Crystal Method.
Start playing songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Start playing the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Start playing the Black Album by Metallica.
Start playing the Discovery album by Daft Punk.
Start playing the Discovery album from Daft Punk.
Start playing the Drive soundtrack by Kavinsky.
Start playing the Hamilton original Broadway cast album.
Start playing the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven.
Start playing the Play album by Moby.
Start playing the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Start playing the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Start playing the Black Album by Metallica.
Start playing the album Vegas by Crystal Method.
Start playing the artist Crystal Method, I love their beats.
Start playing the greatest hits from the artist known as Prince.
Start playing the greatest hits from the grunge era.
Start playing the most popular songs from the genre of reggae.
Start playing the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Start playing the top songs from the 80s playlist.
Start playing the top songs from the artist Billie Eilish.
Start playing the top tracks by The Beatles.
Start playing the top tracks from Adeles 21.
Start playing top hits from the artist Adele.
Start playing tracks by the artist Billie Eilish.
Start playing tracks from Random Access Memories by Daft Punk.
Start playing tracks from Adeles 21 album.
Start playing tracks from Adeles 25 album.
Start playing tracks from the Inception soundtrack by Hans Zimmer.
Start playing tracks from the artist Billie Eilish that really hit hard.
Start playing tracks from the artist Daft Punk.
Start playing tracks from the jazz genre.
Start the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Start the Discovery album by Daft Punk for my circuit training.
Start the Mozart Essentials playlist.
Start the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Start the Crystal Method playlist, please.
Start the indie playlist with Tame Impala, the psychedelic tunes.
Start the party with top hits from the 80s playlist.
Start the playback with the greatest hits from the 80s.
Start the playlist with electronic music from Tiesto.
Start the playlist with indie folk songs.
Start with the number one hits from the 80s.
Time for some heavy metal, lets blast Master of Puppets by Metallica.
To soothe my mind, play the genre ambient, thank you.
Turn on some classic rock from Led Zeppelin, the legends.
Turn on some fiery salsa tunes and lets heat up the dance floor!
Turn on the Hamilton soundtrack, I want to sing along.
Why dont we listen to some classic Beatles tunes?
Why not some energetic K-pop? BTS always gets me moving.
Would you mind playing Thriller from Michael Jackson?
Would you mind playing Beethovens 5th Symphony?
Would you mind playing a song by Daft Punk?
Would you mind playing some jazz music for us?
Would you mind putting on some jazz music to relax to?
Would you mind putting on the genre of electronic dance music?
Yo, I need some Daft Punk to energize my morning run.
Yo, can we get some Crystal Method bumping? Its the mood.
Yo, can we listen to some Daft Punk? Its fire.
Yo, can we listen to some Daft Punk? Its the rhythm.
Yo, can you play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Yo, can you put on some Crystal Method? Its time.
Yo, crank up that new Taylor Swift song!
Yo, hit me with some Daft Punk, the classics.
Yo, lets blast some Daft Punk, the hot tracks.
Yo, lets blast some Daft Punk, the ones that get us grooving.
Yo, lets dive into some Crystal Method, play their stuff.
Yo, lets get some Billie Eilish on, the mood setters.
Yo, lets get some Daft Punk on, the crowd pleasers.
Yo, lets get some Daft Punk on, the crowd-pleasers.
Yo, lets get some Daft Punk on, the epic beats.
Yo, lets get some Daft Punk to set the mood.
Yo, lets get some Nirvana playing in here.
Yo, lets get some Sia playing, those powerful vocals.
Yo, lets get some Skrillex on, the bass droppers.
Yo, lets get some film scores by Hans Zimmer, the epic soundtracks.Can I hear a piece from the Nutcracker by Tchaikovsky?
Can we get some hip-hop tunes going?
Can we get some reggae music playing?
Can we hear some tracks from Adeles latest album?
Can we hear the genre of classic rock?
Can we listen to Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can we listen to Beethovens 5th Symphony next?
Can we listen to Beethovens 5th Symphony?
Can we listen to Beethovens symphonies?
Can we listen to a few pieces from Chopin on the piano?
Can we listen to a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar?
Can we listen to a piece by Vivaldi?
Can we listen to a song by Ed Sheeran?
Can we listen to a track by Adele next?
Can we listen to a track from Pink Floyds The Wall?
Can we listen to a track from the A Night at the Opera album by Queen?
Can we listen to a track from the Purple Rain album by Prince?
Can we listen to an indie track by Arctic Monkeys?
Can we listen to some classic rock music?
Can we listen to some energetic rock music right now?
Can we listen to some hip-hop, maybe something from Kendrick Lamar?
Can we listen to some live performances by the artist Prince?
Can we listen to some of Chopins nocturnes?
Can we listen to some reggae music?
Can we listen to some reggae? Put on a song by Bob Marley.
Can we listen to some smooth jazz right now?
Can we listen to the Hamilton soundtrack in here?
Can we listen to the Hamilton soundtrack?
Can we listen to the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can we listen to the artist Adeles latest album?
Can we listen to the soundtrack from the movie The Greatest Showman?
Can you play Clair de Lune by Debussy?
Can you play Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd in its entirety?
Can you play Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen?
Can you play Purple Rain by Prince?
Can you play Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band by The Beatles?
Can you play The Four Seasons by Vivaldi?
Can you play Thriller by Michael Jackson? I want to dance!
Can you play Mozarts Requiem?
Can you play Vivaldis Four Seasons violin concertos?
Can you play Vivaldis Four Seasons by Itzhak Perlman?
Can you play a ballad by Elton John?
Can you play a blues track by B.B. King?
Can you play a classical composition by Chopin?
Can you play a classical piece by Mozart from his Requiem?
Can you play a classical piece by Mozart?
Can you play a classical piece, preferably a concerto by Vivaldi?
Can you play a composition by Chopin?
Can you play a composition from Chopins Nocturnes?
Can you play a country song by Johnny Cash, it would be heartwarming.
Can you play a country track by Johnny Cash?
Can you play a country tune for me?
Can you play a couple of songs from the artist Taylor Swift?
Can you play a couple of tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon?
Can you play a few of Debussys piano etudes?
Can you play a few of the greatest country music hits?
Can you play a few songs from the genre of folk music?
Can you play a few tracks by the composer John Williams?
Can you play a few tracks from the Nevermind album by Nirvana?
Can you play a few tracks from the Purple Rain album by Prince?
Can you play a few tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a few tracks from the genre of blues?
Can you play a few tracks from the genre of rock?
Can you play a folk song by Bob Dylan?
Can you play a folk tune by Bob Dylan?
Can you play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamars DAMN. album?
Can you play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamars DAMN.?
Can you play a hip-hop track?
Can you play a hit from the 80s by Madonna?
Can you play a hit from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play a jazz piece from Miles Daviss Kind of Blue?
Can you play a jazz track for me?
Can you play a metal song by Metallica?
Can you play a metal track from Metallicas Master of Puppets?
Can you play a number from the soundtrack of The Lion King?
Can you play a piece by Debussy, it would be so calming.
Can you play a piece by Debussy? I find his music quite soothing.
Can you play a piece by Mozart from his Requiem Mass?
Can you play a piece by the composer Debussy?
Can you play a piece from Mozarts operas?
Can you play a piece from Schuberts Winterreise?
Can you play a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons?
Can you play a piece of electronic music by Daft Punk?
Can you play a pop album?
Can you play a pop song by Adele?
Can you play a pop song by Lady Gaga?
Can you play a pop song from the 80s?
Can you play a punk rock album? Maybe something by The Ramones.
Can you play a punk rock song by The Ramones?
Can you play a punk rock track by The Ramones?
Can you play a reggae song by Bob Marley?
Can you play a reggae song for our beach party?
Can you play a reggae song, maybe something by Bob Marley, whenever?
Can you play a reggae tune from Bob Marleys Legend album?
Can you play a salsa tune by Celia Cruz?
Can you play a selection from Vivaldis Four Seasons?
Can you play a selection of Chopins nocturnes?
Can you play a selection of hip-hop tracks from the early 2000s?
Can you play a selection of salsa music by Celia Cruz?
Can you play a selection of salsa music for our dance party?
Can you play a song by Bach, as a favor?
Can you play a song by Nirvana, something from Nevermind?
Can you play a song by The Beatles for me?
Can you play a song by The Beatles from the album Abbey Road?
Can you play a song by The Beatles?
Can you play a song by The Beatles? It would be great.
Can you play a song by The Weeknd? His music is great.
Can you play a song by the artist Taylor Swift?
Can you play a song from The Eminem Show album?
Can you play a song from Metallicas Black Album?
Can you play a song from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play a song from the Beatles Abbey Road album?
Can you play a song from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a song from the artist Billie Eilishs debut album?
Can you play a song from the genre of blues by B.B. King, it would be so nice.
Can you play a song from the metal band Metallicas Black Album?
Can you play a song from the musical Hamilton?
Can you play a song from the soundtrack of The Lion King?
Can you play a track by Adele from her 21 album?
Can you play a track by Bach, please?
Can you play a track by Bach? It would be a treat.
Can you play a track by Beethovens Symphony No. 5?
Can you play a track by Lady Gaga?
Can you play a track by Mozart from his Requiem Mass?
Can you play a track by The Beatles?
Can you play a track by the artist Adele?
Can you play a track from The Dark Side of the Moon?
Can you play a track from Bachs Notebook for Wilhelm Friedemann Bach?
Can you play a track from Beethovens Symphony No. 9?
Can you play a track from The Beatles Abbey Road album?
Can you play a track from the Black Album by Metallica?
Can you play a track from the Born to Die album?
Can you play a track from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can you play a track from the Hamilton soundtrack?
Can you play a track from the La La Land soundtrack? I adore that movie.
Can you play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a track from the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Can you play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a track from the artist Adele?
Can you play a track from the artist Billie Eilish?
Can you play a track from the indie artist Sufjan Stevens?
Can you play a track thats trending in hip hop right now?
Can you play a tune by Taylor Swift? It would be so enjoyable.
Can you play a tune from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar?
Can you play an R&B track from Beyoncés Lemonade?
Can you play an electronic track by Daft Punk?
Can you play electronic dance music by Daft Punk?
Can you play some Beethoven symphonies?
Can you play some ambient music to help me sleep?
Can you play some blues music?
Can you play some chill electronic music?
Can you play some country music hits from this decade?
Can you play some country music, maybe a song by Johnny Cash?
Can you play some electronic dance music for our party?
Can you play some electronic dance music to get the party started?
Can you play some electronic dance music?
Can you play some electronic music, maybe something by Daft Punk?
Can you play some electronic music, perhaps a track by Daft Punk?
Can you play some energetic workout hip-hop tracks?
Can you play some energetic workout music?
Can you play some music from the baroque period?
Can you play some of the best compositions by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play some of the iconic songs by Elvis Presley?
Can you play some old school rap by Tupac Shakur?
Can you play some reggae from Bob Marley?
Can you play some reggae hits by Bob Marley?
Can you play some reggae music from Bob Marleys collection?
Can you play some reggae music, maybe something by Bob Marley?
Can you play some reggae music?
Can you play some relaxing ambient music?
Can you play some salsa music, perhaps something by Celia Cruz?
Can you play some smooth jazz instrumentals?
Can you play some songs from the Hamilton musical?
Can you play some tracks by the artist Drake?
Can you play some tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran for us?
Can you play some tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you play some tracks from The Beatles Abbey Road album?
Can you play some tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play some tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play some upbeat pop music to lift the mood?
Can you play some upbeat pop music?
Can you play something by Beethoven?
Can you play something by The Beatles for me?
Can you play something by The Beatles?
Can you play something from the artist Adele?
Can you play something upbeat? Maybe Uptown Funk by Bruno Mars?
Can you play songs from the artist Adele?
Can you play the Blue album by Joni Mitchell?
Can you play the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Can you play the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording?
Can you play the Moana soundtrack?
Can you play the Nutcracker Suite by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play the Nutcracker suite by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play the Purple Rain album by Prince?
Can you play the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac in its entirety?
Can you play the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play the Nutcracker Suite by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play the album 1989 by Taylor Swift?
Can you play the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis?
Can you play the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey?
Can you play the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen?
Can you play the album Nevermind by Nirvana?
Can you play the best compositions by Chopin?
Can you play the complete works of Chopin?
Can you play the genre blues, something from B.B. King?
Can you play the greatest hits from Madonna?
Can you play the greatest hits of Queen?
Can you play the latest album by Adele?
Can you play the latest album by Coldplay?
Can you play the latest album by Taylor Swift?
Can you play the latest hip-hop album by Kendrick Lamar?
Can you play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Can you play the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Can you play the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings?
Can you play the soundtrack from the movie The Godfather?
Can you play the soundtrack from the movie Inception?
Can you play the soundtrack from the movie The Lion King?
Can you put on Hotel California by The Eagles?
Can you put on Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin? It would be epic.
Can you put on The Dark Side of the Moon from Pink Floyd?
Can you put on a classical piece by Debussy?
Can you put on a couple of Chopins nocturnes?
Can you put on a jazz album by Miles Davis?
Can you put on a piece by Beethoven?
Can you put on a punk rock song by The Ramones?
Can you put on a punk rock song from Green Days American Idiot album?
Can you put on a punk rock track from The Clashs London Calling?
Can you put on a reggae song by Bob Marley?
Can you put on a reggae track from Bob Marleys Exodus?
Can you put on a rock album by The Beatles? I love their music.
Can you put on a rock album from the 80s?
Can you put on a rock song by Queen now?
Can you put on a rock track from the Nevermind album?
Can you put on a song from the A Night at the Opera album?
Can you put on a song from the indie album In the Aeroplane Over the Sea by Neutral Milk Hotel?
Can you put on a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you put on a track from the album To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar?
Can you put on a track from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk?
Can you put on some ambient music by Brian Eno?
Can you put on some classic rock from the 70s?
Can you put on some classic rock tunes? It would really set the mood.
Can you put on some classical music from Beethovens collection?
Can you put on some classical music, maybe a symphony by Brahms?
Can you put on some classical piano pieces by Chopin?
Can you put on some hip-hop to get the party started?
Can you put on some music by Adele?
Can you put on some music by Adele? Her voice is amazing.
Can you put on some reggae from Bob Marley?
Can you put on some reggae music by Bob Marley?
Can you put on some reggae music?
Can you put on some smooth jazz music for us?
Can you put on some smooth jazz?
Can you put on the Black Album by Metallica?
Can you put on the Hamilton soundtrack?
Can you put on the Kind of Blue album by Miles Davis?
Can you put on the album Abbey Road by The Beatles?
Can you put on the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you put on the album Thriller by Michael Jackson? Its my favorite.
Can you put on the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis?
Can you put on the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis?
Can you put on the latest album by Taylor Swift?
Can you put on the track Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Can you queue up some blues music by B.B. King?
Can you queue up the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle and play a few songs from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle and play tracks from the artist Adele?
Can you shuffle play songs by Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle play tracks by the Beatles?
Can you shuffle some classic rock songs for me?
Can you shuffle some electronic dance music tracks?
Can you shuffle some indie folk music?
Can you shuffle some reggae music by Bob Marley?
Can you shuffle some reggae music for us?
Can you shuffle some songs from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle some songs from the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle some tracks from the R&B genre?
Can you shuffle some tracks from the artist Prince?
Can you shuffle some tracks from the rock band Queen?
Can you shuffle songs by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Billie Eilish?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Ed Sheeran for us?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle songs from the album Nevermind by Nirvana?
Can you shuffle songs from the artist Adele?
Can you shuffle songs from the artist Billie Holiday?
Can you shuffle songs from the artist Taylor Swift?
Can you shuffle songs from the genre of classic rock?
Can you shuffle songs from the jazz genre?
Can you shuffle the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle the songs by Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle through some songs by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle through some songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle tracks from the blues genre?
Can you shuffle tracks from the genre of classical music?
Can you start playing Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you start playing a composition from Mozarts Requiem?
Can you start playing songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you start playing the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you start playing the album Abbey Road by The Beatles?
Can you start playing the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could we listen to a blues track by B.B. King?
Could we listen to a track by Ed Sheeran next?
Could we listen to some classical music by Mozart?
Could we listen to some of Bachs chorales?
Could you do me a favor and play some music by Bach?
Could you play Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you play Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen?
Could you play Hotel California by The Eagles?
Could you play Nocturnes by Chopin for me?
Could you play Ride of the Valkyries by Wagner?
Could you play Shape of You by Ed Sheeran?
Could you play Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Could you play Beethovens symphonies? I need some classical tunes.
Could you play Chopins nocturnes?
Could you play Vivaldis Four Seasons concertos?
Could you play a Mozart symphony? That would be delightful.
Could you play a blues album, maybe something by B.B. King?
Could you play a blues number by B.B. King?
Could you play a blues track by B.B. King?
Could you play a blues track by B.B. King? It would be soulful.
Could you play a classical piece from Schuberts Winterreise?
Could you play a composition by Chopin? It would be soothing.
Could you play a country music track?
Could you play a country song by Johnny Cash?
Could you play a country song for me?
Could you play a country song from Johnny Cashs discography?
Could you play a few hip-hop tracks?
Could you play a few jazz tracks for me?
Could you play a few pieces composed by Beethoven?
Could you play a few songs by the artist Adele?
Could you play a few songs composed by Chopin?
Could you play a few songs from the Black Album by Metallica?
Could you play a few songs written by Dolly Parton?
Could you play a few tracks by the Beatles?
Could you play a few tracks from Beethovens Symphony No. 9?
Could you play a few tracks from Beethovens symphonies?
Could you play a few tracks from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you play a few tracks from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play a folk song by Bob Dylan?
Could you play a folk tune from Bob Dylans Highway 61 Revisited?
Could you play a funk song by James Brown?
Could you play a hip-hop song by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar, whenever youre ready?
Could you play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you play a hit from Madonnas Like a Virgin album?
Could you play a hit from the Abbey Road album by the Beatles?
Could you play a hit from the pop album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play a hit from the rap album The Marshall Mathers LP by Eminem?
Could you play a jazz track for me?
Could you play a jazz tune as soon as possible?
Could you play a jazz tune? That would be nice.
Could you play a live album by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play a metal song by Metallica, it would be thrilling.
Could you play a mix of electronic dance music tracks?
Could you play a number from the Beatles White Album?
Could you play a piece by Chopin?
Could you play a piece by Vivaldi, I love his compositions.
Could you play a piece by Vivaldi? His concertos are wonderful.
Could you play a piece by the composer Debussy?
Could you play a piece by the composer Vivaldi?
Could you play a piece composed by Chopin?
Could you play a piece from Bachs Peasant Cantata?
Could you play a piece from Debussys Suite Bergamasque?
Could you play a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons?
Could you play a playlist of lo-fi beats to relax to?
Could you play a pop song by Ariana Grande?
Could you play a pop song by Lady Gaga?
Could you play a pop song from Taylor Swifts 1989 album?
Could you play a pop song from the 80s?
Could you play a pop song? Perhaps by Ariana Grande?
Could you play a punk rock song by The Ramones?
Could you play a punk rock song to energize me?
Could you play a punk rock track by The Ramones, it would be a blast.
Could you play a rap song by Tupac Shakur?
Could you play a reggae playlist, something like Bob Marley?
Could you play a reggae song by Bob Marley from the album Exodus?
Could you play a reggae song by Bob Marley? Its relaxing.
Could you play a reggae song from Bob Marleys Legend compilation?
Could you play a rock song from Queens A Night at the Opera?
Could you play a selection of Chopins nocturnes?
Could you play a selection of Vivaldis baroque compositions?
Could you play a selection of reggae tunes?
Could you play a song by Ed Sheeran for my relaxation?
Could you play a song by The Beatles for me?
Could you play a song by The Beatles from the album Abbey Road?
Could you play a song by The Beatles, it would be fantastic, thank you.
Could you play a song by The Beatles?
Could you play a song by The Beatles? It would be great.
Could you play a song from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play a song from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you play a song from the Hamilton soundtrack?
Could you play a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play a song from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play a song from the artist Taylor Swift?
Could you play a song from the baroque period?
Could you play a symphony by Mozart?
Could you play a track by Bach? Im in the mood for his music.
Could you play a track by Mozart? I enjoy his symphonies.
Could you play a track from Bachs Musicalisches Opfer?
Could you play a track from Beethovens Symphony No. 9?
Could you play a track from Brahmss Hungarian Dances?
Could you play a track from the Back in Black album by AC/DC?
Could you play a track from the Black Album by Metallica?
Could you play a track from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you play a track from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play a track from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play a track from the artist Adele?
Could you play a track from the jazz genre by Miles Davis?
Could you play an electronic tune by Daft Punk?
Could you play some ambient music for studying?
Could you play some ambient music to relax to?
Could you play some classic rock music for us?
Could you play some classic rock music from the 70s?
Could you play some classic rock music?
Could you play some country music by Johnny Cash?
Could you play some electronic dance music?
Could you play some electronic music by Daft Punk?
Could you play some hip-hop beats?
Could you play some hip-hop to liven things up?
Could you play some hip-hop tracks by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you play some jazz music for me?
Could you play some music from the baroque period?
Could you play some of Bachs Brandenburg Concertos for me?
Could you play some of Bachs Brandenburg Concertos?
Could you play some of Bachs trio sonatas?
Could you play some of the popular tracks from The Greatest Showman soundtrack?
Could you play some reggae music by Bob Marley?
Could you play some reggae music for us?
Could you play some reggae music?
Could you play some reggae, like Bob Marley?
Could you play some relaxing classical music?
Could you play some tracks by The Beatles?
Could you play some tracks from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play some tracks from the genre of electronic dance music?
Could you play something by Beethoven? Im in the mood for classical.
Could you play something by the Beatles for me?
Could you play something by the artist Adele?
Could you play something from Beethovens Symphony No. 9?
Could you play something from the Black Album by Metallica?
Could you play something from the Hamilton soundtrack?
Could you play something from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play something from the Baroque period, like Vivaldi?
Could you play something from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play something from the genre of blues?
Could you play the Black Album by Metallica? It would be awesome.
Could you play the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd?
Could you play the Four Seasons violin concerto by Vivaldi?
Could you play the Nevermind album by Nirvana?
Could you play the Nutcracker suite by Tchaikovsky?
Could you play the Purple Rain album by Prince?
Could you play the Rhapsody in Blue by Gershwin?
Could you play the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play the album Abbey Road by The Beatles for us?
Could you play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson? That would be amazing.
Could you play the artist Adeles latest singles?
Could you play the entire Dark Side of the Moon album?
Could you play the full album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play the genre of electronic dance music?
Could you play the genre of jazz for a while?
Could you play the genre of smooth jazz?
Could you play the greatest hits of the 90s?
Could you play the greatest hits of the Rolling Stones?
Could you play the latest tracks by Taylor Swift?
Could you play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could you play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could you play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen?
Could you play the soundtrack from the movie The Greatest Showman?
Could you play the top country songs right now?
Could you play the top hits from the 1980s?
Could you play the top hits from the 80s genre?
Could you play the top songs by Ed Sheeran?
Could you play the top tracks from the artist Prince?
Could you play three pieces composed by Chopin?
Could you play tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you please play the album Abbey Road by The Beatles?
Could you put on Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could you put on Requiem composed by Mozart?
Could you put on Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you put on a blues track?
Could you put on a classical piece by Tchaikovsky?
Could you put on a composition by Chopin?
Could you put on a folk song from the 60s?
Could you put on a hip-hop song by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you put on a jazz piece by John Coltrane?
Could you put on a jazz piece by Miles Davis for me?
Could you put on a pop song by Madonna, it would really make my day.
Could you put on a pop song by Taylor Swift?
Could you put on a rock song by Led Zeppelin?
Could you put on a rock song from The Beatles Abbey Road?
Could you put on a song from The Beatles Abbey Road album?
Could you put on a song from the Beatles Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band?
Could you put on a song from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you put on a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you put on a track from Daft Punks Random Access Memories?
Could you put on some baroque music?
Could you put on some classic rock music?
Could you put on some classical guitar pieces by Andrés Segovia?
Could you put on some music by Chopin?
Could you put on some of Vivaldis violin concertos?
Could you put on some relaxing piano pieces by Ludovico Einaudi?
Could you put on some smooth jazz music?
Could you put on the Black Album by Metallica?
Could you put on the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording?
Could you put on the latest album by Adele for us?
Could you put on the latest album by Billie Eilish?
Could you put on the latest pop hits playlist?
Could you put on the latest tracks from Ed Sheeran?
Could you put on the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could you put on the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen?
Could you put on the song Yesterday by The Beatles?
Could you queue up a few hip-hop songs for me?
Could you shuffle some classic rock hits for us?
Could you shuffle some tracks from Madonnas Like a Virgin?
Could you shuffle songs by the Beatles?
Could you shuffle songs from the Dark Side of the Moon album?
Could you shuffle songs from the artist Adele?
Could you shuffle songs from the artist Drake?
Could you shuffle through some classic rock tracks?
Could you start playing Beethovens 5th Symphony?
Could you start playing Beethovens symphonies?
Could you start playing some jazz classics by Miles Davis?
Could you start playing some of Beethovens symphonies?
Could you start playing some songs from the Beatles Abbey Road album?
Could you start playing songs by Adele?
Could you start playing songs by the Beatles?
Could you start playing songs from the Black Album by Metallica?
Could you start playing songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you start playing the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd?
Could you start playing the album Goldberg Variations by Bach?
Could you start playing the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you start playing the jazz album Kind of Blue?
Could you start playing tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Get the Dark Side of the Moon album going.
Get the party started with some electronic dance hits.
How about playing a track by Ed Sheeran? His songs are soothing.
How about playing a track from Taylor Swifts Folklore album?
How about playing a track from the Rumours album?
I fancy some old-school hip hop tunes, can you play that?
I feel like dancing, play a salsa track for me.
I feel like listening to Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
I feel like listening to Beethovens symphonies, please play them.
I feel like listening to Beethoven, play his Symphony No. 5.
I feel like listening to a Chopin nocturne, please play it.
I feel like listening to a blues album, please play it.
I feel like listening to a blues album.
I feel like listening to a blues record, maybe B.B. King?
I feel like listening to a rap song by Eminem, please play one.
I feel like listening to a symphony by Mahler.
I feel like listening to jazz, play some John Coltrane.
I feel like listening to reggae from Bob Marley
I feel like listening to reggae, play a song by Bob Marley.
I feel like listening to some classical music, play a piece by Tchaikovsky.
I feel like listening to some hip-hop, play To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar.
I feel like listening to some reggae, can you play Bob Marley?
I feel like listening to some reggae, can you play that?
I feel like listening to some reggae, play a Marley song.
I feel like listening to some reggae, play a song by Bob Marley.
I feel like listening to the Beatles White Album
I feel like listening to the Hamilton Original Broadway Cast Recording
I feel like listening to the album 1989 by Taylor Swift.
I want to explore folk music, can you play something by Simon & Garfunkel?
I want to explore some blues, play a track by B.B. King.
I want to hear Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, can you put it on?
I want to hear Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, play the song.
I want to hear Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
I want to hear Fearless by Taylor Swift.
I want to hear Kind of Blue, can you put it on?
I want to hear London Calling by The Clash.
I want to hear Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
I want to hear Beethovens 5th Symphony.
I want to hear Chopins Nocturnes played by Arthur Rubinstein
I want to hear Miles Davis Kind of Blue album
I want to hear Yo-Yo Ma perform cello suites
I want to hear a folk song by Bob Dylan.
I want to hear a metal track from Metallicas Master of Puppets.
I want to hear a pop song from Taylor Swifts 1989.
I want to hear a pop song, just play any popular track.
I want to hear a reggae song by Bob Marley.
I want to hear a reggae song, please play it.
I want to hear a song from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
I want to hear a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear a song from the artist Adele.
I want to hear a song from the artist Billie Eilish.
I want to hear a song from the soundtrack of The Greatest Showman.
I want to hear a track by the composer Debussy.
I want to hear a track composed by Beethoven.
I want to hear a track from Nirvanas Nevermind album.
I want to hear a track from Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon.
I want to hear a track from the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
I want to hear a track from the Born to Run album.
I want to hear a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear a track from the artist Elton John.
I want to hear a track from the electronic artist Deadmau5.
I want to hear live recordings of The Beatles
I want to hear live recordings of The Rolling Stones
I want to hear some country music from Johnny Cash.
I want to hear some folk music, how about a song by Bob Dylan?
I want to hear some live recordings of The Beatles.
I want to hear something by Beethoven, start playing.
I want to hear the Back in Black album by AC/DC.
I want to hear the Black Album by Metallica.
I want to hear the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
I want to hear the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
I want to hear the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
I want to hear the Brandenburg Concertos by Bach
I want to hear the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
I want to hear the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
I want to hear the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear the artist Billie Eilishs newest album
I want to hear the greatest hits from the 80s.
I want to hear the greatest hits from the artist Prince.
I want to hear the greatest hits of Elton John
I want to hear the greatest hits of the 80s
I want to hear the greatest hits of the 80s.
I want to hear the latest album by Taylor Swift.
I want to hear the latest hip-hop releases, play them for me.
I want to hear the latest pop hits
I want to hear the latest pop hits playlist.
I want to hear the latest songs by Adele, could you play them?
I want to hear the latest tracks from Billie Eilish, please play them.
I want to hear the most popular K-pop songs, please play them.
I want to hear the most popular K-pop songs.
I want to hear the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings
I want to listen to Beethovens 9th Symphony, could you put it on?
I want to listen to Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
I want to listen to Chopins Nocturnes.
I want to listen to Chopins nocturnes for piano.
I want to listen to a composition by Beethoven.
I want to listen to a country album, play something from Johnny Cash.
I want to listen to a couple of songs from Abbey Road right now.
I want to listen to a couple of songs from the Hamilton soundtrack.
I want to listen to a few indie songs by The National.
I want to listen to a few songs from the genre of blues.
I want to listen to a piece from the folk album by Simon & Garfunkel.
I want to listen to a piece from the indie band Arctic Monkeys.
I want to listen to a rock album by The Beatles.
I want to listen to a song by the composer Chopin.
I want to listen to a song from Lana Del Reys Born to Die album.
I want to listen to a song from the Hamilton musical soundtrack.
I want to listen to a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
I want to listen to a song from the pop genre by Taylor Swift.
I want to listen to a song from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
I want to listen to a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
I want to listen to a track by Nirvana, surprise me with the album.
I want to listen to a track by The Beatles, any album will do.
I want to listen to a track by the artist Billie Eilish.
I want to listen to a track from Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Adeles latest album.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Adele.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Ed Sheeran, surprise me.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Sias album Chandelier.
I want to listen to a track from the genre of classic rock by Queen.
I want to listen to a track from the genre of rock by The Rolling Stones.
I want to listen to a track from the rock band Queen.
I want to listen to a track from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
I want to listen to an electronic dance music track.
I want to listen to an indie album, surprise me with your choice.
I want to listen to some blues, play a mix.
I want to listen to some classic rock from the 70s.
I want to listen to some classic rock from the 70s.
I want to listen to some classic rock, play a track for me.
I want to listen to some classical music by Mozart.
I want to listen to some classical music from Vivaldis The Four Seasons.
I want to listen to some country music hits.
I want to listen to some hip-hop tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
I want to listen to some indie folk songs, could you put on a playlist?
I want to listen to some indie music, play a song by Arctic Monkeys.
I want to listen to some reggae tunes by Bob Marley.
I want to listen to some reggae, play Bob Marley.
I want to listen to some songs by Adele, please start playing.
I want to listen to something by Beethoven, start playing it.
I want to listen to the A Night at the Opera album by Queen.
I want to listen to the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica, please play it.
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica.
I want to listen to the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
I want to listen to the Game of Thrones soundtrack.
I want to listen to the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
I want to listen to the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
I want to listen to the Beatles Abbey Road, could you play it?
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica, please play it.
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica.
I want to listen to the album Abbey Road by The Beatles.
I want to listen to the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
I want to listen to the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to listen to the greatest hits of Elton John.
I want to listen to the latest pop songs by Ariana Grande.
I want to listen to the rock band Queens greatest hits.
I want to listen to the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
I want to listen to the top 10 pop songs of this month.
I want to relax to some ambient music by Brian Eno.
I want to relax to some ambient music, can you play that?
I want to relax, play some ambient music tracks.
I want to relax, play the Chill playlist.
I would like to hear a song by the Beatles.
Id appreciate hearing some of Bachs music, could you play it?
Id appreciate if you could play a country track by Johnny Cash.
Id appreciate it if you could play a blues number by B.B. King.
Id appreciate it if you could play a jazz track.
Id appreciate it if you could play a metal album.
Id appreciate it if you could play a pop song by Taylor Swift.
Id appreciate it if you could play a pop song from the 90s when you get a chance.
Id appreciate it if you could play a reggae tune by Bob Marley, it would be chill.
Id appreciate it if you could play a song by Adele.
Id appreciate it if you could play a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
Id appreciate it if you could play a track by Ed Sheeran.
Id appreciate it if you could play some blues from B.B. Kings discography.
Id appreciate it if you could play some blues music.
Id appreciate it if you could play some classic blues albums.
Id appreciate it if you could play some of Chopins nocturnes.
Id appreciate it if you could play some songs from Adele.
Id appreciate it if you could play the Black Album by Metallica.
Id appreciate it if you could play the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Id be delighted if you could play a country song.
Id be delighted to hear a track by the artist Billie Eilish.
Id be delighted to hear some blues, could you play that?
Id be delighted to hear some of Adeles hits.
Id be delighted to hear some of Chopins nocturnes.
Id be grateful if you could play an electronic track by Daft Punk, it would be energizing.
Id be happy if you could play Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band by The Beatles.
Id be happy if you could play a piece by Bach.
Id be happy if you could play a pop genre song.
Id be happy to hear a track from the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis, can you play it?
Id be happy to hear some of Mozarts piano concertos.
Id be happy to listen to some electronic dance music.
Id be pleased if you could play some of Bachs harpsichord music.
Id be thankful if you could play a song by Adele.
Id be thankful if you could play some folk music.
Id be thrilled if you could play The Four Seasons by Vivaldi.
Id be thrilled to hear some of The Beatles greatest hits.
Id enjoy a couple of tracks by Ed Sheeran, can you play them?
Id enjoy a piece by Bach, please play one.
Id enjoy a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Id enjoy a piece from Vivaldi.
Id enjoy a piece from the A Love Supreme album by John Coltrane, please play it.
Id enjoy a song from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id enjoy a track from the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Id enjoy hearing a track by Bach, please play one.
Id enjoy hearing a track from the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Id enjoy hearing some of Chopins nocturnes, would you play them?
Id enjoy hearing the complete Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Id enjoy listening to the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id enjoy some country music, please play a track by Johnny Cash.
Id enjoy some country tunes, please play them.
Id enjoy some live jazz music, please play a live album.
Id enjoy some reggae music, can you play a Bob Marley song?
Id enjoy some tracks from Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon.
Id enjoy some tracks from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Id enjoy some tracks from the genre of reggae.
Id enjoy some tunes from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Id like a reggae song from Bob Marleys Legend album.
Id like an electronic song from Daft Punks Discovery album.
Id like to explore some indie music, can you play a selection?
Id like to explore songs from the grunge genre.
Id like to hear Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen now.
Id like to hear Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, please play that song.
Id like to hear Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id like to hear Dark Side of the Moon from Pink Floyd now.
Id like to hear Hotel California by The Eagles, can you play it?
Id like to hear Hotel California by the Eagles.
Id like to hear In The End by Linkin Park.
Id like to hear Kind Of Blue, an album by Miles Davis.
Id like to hear Nocturnes by Chopin.
Id like to hear Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin, please play it.
Id like to hear Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Id like to hear Hotel California, its by the Eagles, right?
Id like to hear a composition by Beethoven, perhaps something from his Symphony No. 9.
Id like to hear a composition by Mozart, please.
Id like to hear a composition from Mozarts Requiem.
Id like to hear a country genre track.
Id like to hear a country song from Johnny Cashs American IV album.
Id like to hear a country song, play it when you can.
Id like to hear a country tune by Johnny Cash from his American IV album.
Id like to hear a couple of Chopins nocturnes, could you play them?
Id like to hear a couple of pieces from Beethovens 9th Symphony.
Id like to hear a couple of songs by the Rolling Stones, please.
Id like to hear a couple of songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear a couple of tracks from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Id like to hear a few pieces by Bach, can you play them?
Id like to hear a few pieces composed by Beethoven, please.
Id like to hear a few songs by the artist Adele.
Id like to hear a few tracks by the artist Sia.
Id like to hear a folk song by Bob Dylan, please.
Id like to hear a folk song by Bob Dylan.
Id like to hear a folk song, please start playing it.
Id like to hear a folk song.
Id like to hear a jazz piece by Miles Davis, please.
Id like to hear a jazz piece, can you play one?
Id like to hear a jazz track, please.
Id like to hear a metal album by Metallica right now.
Id like to hear a metal song, play it whenever you can.
Id like to hear a metal track by Iron Maiden.
Id like to hear a number from Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Id like to hear a number of indie folk songs by Bon Iver.
Id like to hear a piece by Beethoven from his Symphony No. 9.
Id like to hear a piece by Beethoven, if you dont mind.
Id like to hear a piece by Vivaldi, if you would, it would be delightful.
Id like to hear a piece by the composer John Williams.
Id like to hear a piece from Debussy, something impressionistic like Clair de Lune.
Id like to hear a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons, can you play it?
Id like to hear a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Id like to hear a piece from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk.
Id like to hear a pop song, maybe something by Taylor Swift.
Id like to hear a salsa track from Celia Cruzs album Azucar Negra.
Id like to hear a song by Adele from her 21 album.
Id like to hear a song by Adele, please.
Id like to hear a song by Billie Eilish, if you dont mind.
Id like to hear a song by Coldplay while I work.
Id like to hear a song by Lady Gaga, please.
Id like to hear a song by The Beatles, start playing it now.
Id like to hear a song by the artist Drake.
Id like to hear a song from The Dark Side of the Moon.
Id like to hear a song from Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear a song from the A Night at the Opera album.
Id like to hear a song from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Id like to hear a song from the Hamilton musical soundtrack.
Id like to hear a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear a song from the artist Adeles latest album.
Id like to hear a song from the genre of reggae.
Id like to hear a song from the soundtrack of The Greatest Showman.
Id like to hear a soul track from Aretha Franklins I Never Loved a Man.
Id like to hear a track by Ed Sheeran, can you do that?
Id like to hear a track by Madonna.
Id like to hear a track by the Rolling Stones, if you may.
Id like to hear a track by the artist Adele.
Id like to hear a track from Adeles latest album, please.
Id like to hear a track from the A Star Is Born soundtrack.
Id like to hear a track from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Id like to hear a track from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id like to hear a track from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Id like to hear a track from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Id like to hear a track from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear a track from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id like to hear a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear a track from the artist Adele.
Id like to hear a track from the country singer Johnny Cash.
Id like to hear a track from the genre of electronic music.
Id like to hear a track from the genre of reggae by Bob Marley.
Id like to hear a track from the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Id like to hear a track that features some electronic beats.
Id like to hear a tune from Adeles latest album.
Id like to hear an electronic dance music track by Daft Punk.
Id like to hear an electronic track by Daft Punk.
Id like to hear live performances, play some of Eric Claptons live albums.
Id like to hear live recordings from the artist John Mayer.
Id like to hear live recordings of Eric Claptons concerts.
Id like to hear live recordings of The Rolling Stones, please play them.
Id like to hear some blues, could you play a track?
Id like to hear some classic rock, can you play it?
Id like to hear some country music from Johnny Cash.
Id like to hear some country music, maybe a track by Johnny Cash?
Id like to hear some country music, maybe something from Johnny Cash?
Id like to hear some country music, play a song by Johnny Cash.
Id like to hear some electronic music, play a track by Daft Punk.
Id like to hear some hip-hop, can you play a track by Kendrick Lamar?
Id like to hear some indie folk, play Fleet Foxes.
Id like to hear some indie rock from The Strokes.
Id like to hear some jazz from John Coltrane.
Id like to hear some jazz music from Miles Davis.
Id like to hear some live performances by Adele.
Id like to hear some of Bachs cello suites, can you play them?
Id like to hear some of Vivaldis violin concertos, can you play them?
Id like to hear some of Vivaldis violin concertos.
Id like to hear some pop music from the 80s, please play it.
Id like to hear some songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Id like to hear some songs from the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Id like to hear some songs from the album Back in Black by AC/DC.
Id like to hear some tracks from the artist Lana Del Rey.
Id like to hear something from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id like to hear the A Love Supreme album by John Coltrane.
Id like to hear the Black Album by Metallica now.
Id like to hear the Black Album by Metallica, please play it.
Id like to hear the Black Album by Metallica.
Id like to hear the Four Seasons by Vivaldi, can you play it?
Id like to hear the Four Seasons by Vivaldi, please.
Id like to hear the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Id like to hear the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven next.
Id like to hear the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven, can you play it?
Id like to hear the Nutcracker Suite by Tchaikovsky.
Id like to hear the Rite of Spring by Stravinsky.
Id like to hear the album 1989 by Taylor Swift, can you play it?
Id like to hear the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey.
Id like to hear the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id like to hear the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Id like to hear the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Id like to hear the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id like to hear the album Hotel California by the Eagles.
Id like to hear the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Id like to hear the artist Adele, could you play her songs?
Id like to hear the artist Billie Eilish.
Id like to hear the artist Taylor Swift, play her latest album.
Id like to hear the complete works of Vivaldi.
Id like to hear the greatest hits of Fleetwood Mac.
Id like to hear the greatest hits of The Beatles.
Id like to hear the greatest hits of the 90s, can you play that?
Id like to hear the greatest symphonies by Mahler.
Id like to hear the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Id like to hear the latest tracks by the K-pop group BTS.
Id like to hear the latest tracks from Taylor Swift.
Id like to hear the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Id like to hear the song Imagine by John Lennon, please.
Id like to hear the soundtrack of The Dark Knight by Hans Zimmer.
Id like to hear the top hits from the 80s.
Id like to hear the top singles from the hip-hop genre.
Id like to hear the track Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Id like to listen to Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Id like to listen to Purple Rain by Prince.
Id like to listen to Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Id like to listen to a folk song by Bob Dylan.
Id like to listen to a piece composed by Beethoven, could you play it?
Id like to listen to a piece from Beethovens symphonies.
Id like to listen to a pop song by the artist Bruno Mars.
Id like to listen to a rap song by Eminem.
Id like to listen to a reggae song, please play it.
Id like to listen to a song from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Id like to listen to a soundtrack, can you play one?
Id like to listen to a track from Dark Side of the Moon.
Id like to listen to a track from Nirvanas Nevermind.
Id like to listen to country music by Johnny Cash
Id like to listen to live recordings of Eric Clapton
Id like to listen to some baroque music, preferably by Handel.
Id like to listen to some classical piano pieces.
Id like to listen to some country music from Johnny Cash.
Id like to listen to some folk music by Bob Dylan.
Id like to listen to some folk music, play a song by Bob Dylan.
Id like to listen to some hip-hop tracks.
Id like to listen to some indie folk, maybe something from Bon Iver?
Id like to listen to some indie folk.
Id like to listen to some indie rock, can you play that?
Id like to listen to some indie rock, play a track by Arctic Monkeys.
Id like to listen to some of Bachs organ music, can you play it?
Id like to listen to some of Vivaldis violin concertos, can you play them?
Id like to listen to some tracks by the Foo Fighters.
Id like to listen to something from the Baroque period, play a composition.
Id like to listen to something from the Baroque period.
Id like to listen to something from the artist Billie Eilish.
Id like to listen to the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Id like to listen to the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack.
Id like to listen to the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording
Id like to listen to the Blue album by Joni Mitchell
Id like to listen to the Hamilton Original Broadway Cast Recording
Id like to listen to the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven
Id like to listen to the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Id like to listen to the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id like to listen to the complete Beethoven symphonies
Id like to listen to the genre of blues, any suggestions?
Id like to request a piece by Chopin, could you play it?
Id love a piece from the romantic era, if you could play it, thatd be lovely.
Id love to dive into some classic rock, can you play that genre?
Id love to hear Hotel California by the Eagles.
Id love to hear Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis, can you play that?
Id love to hear Kind of Blue by Miles Davis, can you play it?
Id love to hear Purple Rain by Prince.
Id love to hear Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Id love to hear Beethovens symphonies, can you play them?
Id love to hear Chopins nocturnes, please play them.
Id love to hear Mozarts symphonies, could you put them on?
Id love to hear a blues number, can you make that happen?
Id love to hear a blues tune by B.B. King.
Id love to hear a country song by Johnny Cash, play it now.
Id love to hear a country song by Johnny Cash.
Id love to hear a country tune, maybe something by Johnny Cash.
Id love to hear a couple of albums from the jazz genre, please.
Id love to hear a couple of songs from the album Abbey Road by the Beatles.
Id love to hear a few blues numbers by B.B. King.
Id love to hear a few pieces by the artist Adele.
Id love to hear a folk song by Simon & Garfunkel.
Id love to hear a jazz piece by Miles Davis, if you could play it, thatd be great.
Id love to hear a jazz piece, can you play one?
Id love to hear a jazz piece, maybe something by Miles Davis.
Id love to hear a piece by Mozart, can you make that happen?
Id love to hear a song by Adele, would you play it?
Id love to hear a song by the artist Prince.
Id love to hear a song from the Abbey Road album by the Beatles, whenever youre ready.
Id love to hear a song from the Hamilton soundtrack.
Id love to hear a song from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Id love to hear a song from the artist Adele.
Id love to hear a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Id love to hear a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
Id love to hear a track by Adele, can you make that happen?
Id love to hear a track by Miles Davis right now.
Id love to hear a track from Taylor Swifts 1989 album.
Id love to hear a track from Vivaldis The Four Seasons.
Id love to hear a track from the A Star Is Born soundtrack.
Id love to hear a track from the Abbey Road album by the Beatles.
Id love to hear a track from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Id love to hear a track from the Rumours album.
Id love to hear a track from the Thriller album.
Id love to hear a track from the genre of electronic, maybe something by Daft Punk?
Id love to hear an indie track by Arctic Monkeys.
Id love to hear live performances by Eric Clapton
Id love to hear live performances by Eric Clapton.
Id love to hear some blues from B.B. King.
Id love to hear some blues, maybe something by B.B. King?
Id love to hear some blues, perhaps a track by B.B. King?
Id love to hear some classic rock, can you put on a track?
Id love to hear some country music tunes.
Id love to hear some country music, can you play it?
Id love to hear some country music, can you play that?
Id love to hear some folk music, maybe a track by Bob Dylan.
Id love to hear some indie rock, can you play a song by Arctic Monkeys?
Id love to hear some jazz, can you put it on?
Id love to hear some reggae, play Bob Marleys Legend album.
Id love to hear the Black Album by Metallica now.
Id love to hear the Blue album by Joni Mitchell.
Id love to hear the Dark Side of the Moon album.
Id love to hear the Hamilton soundtrack, can you play that?
Id love to hear the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven, can you play it?
Id love to hear the Nutcracker Suite by Tchaikovsky.
Id love to hear the Chopin Nocturnes by Arthur Rubinstein
Id love to hear the latest pop genre tracks.
Id love to hear the latest tracks from Adeles new album.
Id love to hear the top tracks from the Purple Rain album.
Id love to hear the top tracks from the 80s, can you play them?
Id love to hear the track Purple Haze by Jimi Hendrix.
Id love to listen to Beethovens Symphony No. 9, please play it.
Id love to listen to Beethovens symphonies, can you play them?
Id love to listen to a country track by Johnny Cash.
Id love to listen to a hip-hop album by Kendrick Lamar.
Id love to listen to an indie track by The National.
Id love to listen to some blues from B.B. King.
Id love to listen to some classic rock, play a track.
Id love to listen to some classic rock, put on a track.
Id love to listen to the White Album by The Beatles.
Id love to listen to the Black Album by Metallica, could you put it on?
Id love to relax to some ambient music, can you play it?
Id love to relax to some classical guitar, please play it.
Im feeling like hip-hop today, can you play a song by Kendrick Lamar?
Im feeling nostalgic, can you play some 90s hip hop?
Im in the mood for Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Im in the mood for Bach, please play a track.
Im in the mood for Beethoven symphonies
Im in the mood for Beethovens piano sonatas, please play them.
Im in the mood for Chopins Nocturnes, please play them.
Im in the mood for Chopins nocturnes, would you play them?
Im in the mood for Miles Davis Kind of Blue
Im in the mood for a Beatles album, can you play Abbey Road?
Im in the mood for a country song, please play it.
Im in the mood for a country track by Johnny Cash.
Im in the mood for a disco hit by the Bee Gees.
Im in the mood for a punk rock song, play something from The Ramones.
Im in the mood for a rap album, spin something up.
Im in the mood for a reggae album, how about something from Bob Marley?
Im in the mood for a reggae song by Bob Marley.
Im in the mood for a reggae tune by Bob Marley.
Im in the mood for a rock song, play a track by Queen.
Im in the mood for a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Im in the mood for a soul track by Aretha Franklin, please play it.
Im in the mood for a symphony by Mozart.
Im in the mood for a track by Chopin.
Im in the mood for a track by Lana Del Rey, play it please.
Im in the mood for a track by Taylor Swift, can you play one?
Im in the mood for an R&B song by Beyoncé.
Im in the mood for an indie song by The National.
Im in the mood for bluegrass, can you play some?
Im in the mood for blues, play a B.B. King album.
Im in the mood for blues, play a song by B.B. King.
Im in the mood for blues, play a track by B.B. King.
Im in the mood for blues, play a track.
Im in the mood for blues, play some B.B. King.
Im in the mood for country music, can you play a track by Johnny Cash?
Im in the mood for electronic dance music, can you put on a playlist?
Im in the mood for folk music, can you play a track by Bob Dylan?
Im in the mood for jazz, play some from the album A Love Supreme.
Im in the mood for jazz, play some of Miles Davis tracks.
Im in the mood for reggae, play a song by Bob Marley.
Im in the mood for some Bach, could you play it?
Im in the mood for some Beatles, play Abbey Road.
Im in the mood for some Beethoven symphonies, could you play them?
Im in the mood for some Bob Marley, play a reggae track.
Im in the mood for some R&B, can you play a song by Alicia Keys?
Im in the mood for some blues, can you play it?
Im in the mood for some blues, how about a track by B.B. King?
Im in the mood for some blues, play anything by B.B. King.
Im in the mood for some blues, play something from B.B. King.
Im in the mood for some classic blues, play anything from B.B. King.
Im in the mood for some classic rock, can you play that?
Im in the mood for some classical music by Mozart.
Im in the mood for some classical music, perhaps something by Mozart.
Im in the mood for some classical music, perhaps something by Mozart?
Im in the mood for some classical music, play a composition by Mozart.
Im in the mood for some classical music, please play it.
Im in the mood for some country music, can you play it?
Im in the mood for some country tunes, maybe something from Johnny Cash?
Im in the mood for some country tunes, play a few.
Im in the mood for some electronic dance music by Daft Punk.
Im in the mood for some electronic music from Daft Punk.
Im in the mood for some electronic music, play a track.
Im in the mood for some folk music, play a track by Bob Dylan.
Im in the mood for some hip hop, play tracks by Kendrick Lamar.
Im in the mood for some indie folk tunes.
Im in the mood for some indie music, can you play a song by Arctic Monkeys?
Im in the mood for some indie rock, please play it.
Im in the mood for some jazz, can you play a Coltrane album?
Im in the mood for some live jazz recordings.
Im in the mood for some reggae music, play a few tracks.
Im in the mood for some reggae, play a Bob Marley song.
Im in the mood for some reggae, play some Bob Marley.
Im in the mood for the Graceland album by Paul Simon, play that.
Im interested in baroque music, play a composition by Vivaldi.
Im interested in hearing Dark Side of the Moon, can you play it?
Im interested in hearing a concerto by Tchaikovsky.
Im interested in hearing a piece from Schubert, perhaps a lieder.
Im interested in hearing a song by Adele.
Im interested in hearing a track by Taylor Swift.
Im interested in hearing a track by the artist Sia.
Im interested in hearing a track from Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon.
Im interested in hearing some classical music, play a mix.
Im interested in hearing some country music by Johnny Cash.
Im interested in hearing some country music, play Johnny Cash.
Im interested in hearing some indie folk songs, please play them.
Im interested in hearing some indie music, perhaps by Arctic Monkeys?
Im interested in hearing some indie rock, play Arctic Monkeys.
Im interested in hearing some of the works by Brahms.
Im interested in hearing some songs by The Beatles, play them please.
Im interested in hearing some songs from the baroque period.
Im interested in hearing the works of Chopin
Is it possible to hear the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Is it possible to play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen right now?
It would be great if you could play Bachs Brandenburg Concertos.
Kindly play a selection from Bachs works.
Lets enjoy some of Vivaldis concertos.
Lets hear a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Lets hear a track from the artist Lizzo.
Lets hear some classic rock from the 70s.
Lets hear some electronic dance music, perhaps a playlist with Daft Punk?
Lets hear some of the greatest hits from the 80s.
Lets hear something from the artist Adele.
Lets hear the greatest hits of Elton John
Lets listen to a track by the composer Debussy.
Lets listen to the top electronic dance music hits.
May I hear the composition Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven?
May I request a song by Bach to be played?
Mind queuing up a blues playlist?
Play Adagio for Strings by Samuel Barber.
Play Appetite for Destruction by Guns N Roses.
Play Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, if you may.
Play Fearless album by Taylor Swift.
Play Hallelujah composed by Leonard Cohen.
Play Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Play Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis at your earliest convenience.
Play My Favorite Things by John Coltrane.
Play My Favorite Things from the album The Sound of Music.
Play Nessun Dorma performed by Luciano Pavarotti.
Play Purple Rain by Prince and the Revolution.
Play Purple Rain by Prince, its such a classic.
Play Purple Rain by Prince.
Play Sweet Child o Mine by Guns N Roses.
Play Thriller by Michael Jackson for me.
Play Beethovens Symphony No. 5 in C minor.
Play Beethovens Symphony No. 9 by the Berlin Philharmonic
Play Beethovens Symphony No. 9 from his complete symphonies collection.
Play Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Play Beethovens piano sonatas performed by Daniel Barenboim
Play Chopins Nocturnes by Arthur Rubinstein
Play Chopins Nocturnes on the piano.
Play Chopins Nocturnes.
Play Glenn Goulds recording of Bach Goldberg Variations
Play Madonnas top hits.
Play Vivaldis Four Seasons by Itzhak Perlman
Play Vivaldis Four Seasons, Spring movement.
Play Vivaldis Four Seasons, please.
Play a Beethoven symphony when you have time.
Play a Beethoven symphony, Id be grateful.
Play a Beethoven symphony, if you would be so kind.
Play a Chopin nocturne when youre ready.
Play a Chopin nocturne, would you kindly?
Play a ballad from the country singer Johnny Cash.
Play a bit of jazz from Miles Davis Kind of Blue.
Play a blues genre track for me.
Play a blues number by B.B. King for me.
Play a blues number by B.B. King, please.
Play a blues number by B.B. King.
Play a blues number from B.B. Kings Live at the Regal album.
Play a blues number, if thats okay.
Play a blues playlist.
Play a blues song from B.B. Kings Live at the Regal, thanks.
Play a blues track by B.B. King.
Play a blues track for me.
Play a blues track from B.B. Kings Live at the Regal album.
Play a classical composition by Mozart, if its convenient.
Play a classical composition by Mozart.
Play a classical piece by Chopin, something soothing.
Play a classical piece by Chopin.
Play a classical piece by Mozart.
Play a classical piece by Vivaldi.
Play a composition by Beethoven, his music is timeless.
Play a composition by Beethoven, please.
Play a composition by Chopin for my evening study session.
Play a composition by Chopin.
Play a composition by Debussy from his Clair de Lune suite.
Play a composition by Vivaldi, perhaps from The Four Seasons.
Play a composition from Chopins nocturnes, if you may.
Play a composition from Debussys Clair de Lune.
Play a composition from Tchaikovskys Nutcracker Suite, kindly.
Play a composition from Wagners operas, if you would.
Play a country ballad, if its not out of the way.
Play a country song by Johnny Cash, anything from Folsom Prison Blues.
Play a country song by Johnny Cash.
Play a country song, perhaps something by Johnny Cash.
Play a couple of Ariana Grandes pop hits.
Play a couple of Beethovens symphonies when you can.
Play a couple of Beethovens symphonies, kindly.
Play a couple of Beethovens symphonies, please.
Play a couple of Mozarts piano concertos, please.
Play a couple of compositions by Beethoven.
Play a couple of pieces by Chopin.
Play a couple of reggae hits, please.
Play a couple of songs by Bob Dylan, if youre willing.
Play a couple of songs composed by Beethoven.
Play a couple of songs from Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Play a couple of songs from Adeles latest album.
Play a couple of songs from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Play a couple of songs from the Abbey Road album.
Play a couple of songs from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a couple of songs from the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack.
Play a couple of songs from the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Play a couple of songs from the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Play a couple of songs from the album Back in Black by AC/DC.
Play a couple of songs from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a couple of songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play a couple of songs from the artist Billie Eilish, please.
Play a couple of songs from the genre of indie folk.
Play a couple of songs from the genre of reggae.
Play a couple of tracks by Billie Eilish, if thats alright.
Play a couple of tracks by Nirvana from the Nevermind album.
Play a couple of tracks by The Beatles from Abbey Road.
Play a couple of tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a couple of tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play a couple of tracks from Adeles 21 album.
Play a couple of tracks from Adeles latest album.
Play a couple of tracks from Bach, please.
Play a couple of tracks from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Play a couple of tracks from Pink Floyds The Dark Side of the Moon.
Play a couple of tracks from Taylor Swifts 1989 album.
Play a couple of tracks from Taylor Swifts Reputation album, if you may.
Play a couple of tracks from Taylor Swifts latest album.
Play a couple of tracks from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Play a couple of tracks from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a couple of tracks from the Hamilton soundtrack
Play a couple of tracks from the Hotel California album by the Eagles.
Play a couple of tracks from the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Play a couple of tracks from the Moana soundtrack.
Play a couple of tracks from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a couple of tracks from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Play a couple of tracks from the Hamilton soundtrack, if possible.
Play a couple of tracks from the album Abbey Road.
Play a couple of tracks from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a couple of tracks from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a couple of tracks from the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Play a couple of tracks from the musical Les Misérables, if you like.
Play a duet by Simon & Garfunkel, if its not inconvenient.
Play a few blues classics, please.
Play a few jazz pieces by Miles Davis, if thats alright.
Play a few jazz pieces from the Kind of Blue album.
Play a few jazz pieces from the album Kind of Blue.
Play a few of Mozarts piano concertos, at your convenience.
Play a few of Vivaldis Four Seasons concertos, please.
Play a few of the best-loved tracks by Ed Sheeran.
Play a few of the latest hip-hop releases, if youre in the mood.
Play a few of the latest hip-hop tracks.
Play a few of the latest hits from the pop charts.
Play a few of the latest pop songs, if you dont mind.
Play a few of the most popular hip-hop tracks right now.
Play a few of the top singles from the 90s grunge scene.
Play a few pieces by Chopin, would you?
Play a few pieces by Debussy, if you dont mind.
Play a few pieces composed by Chopin.
Play a few pieces composed by Debussy for solo piano.
Play a few pieces composed by Debussy, if possible.
Play a few pieces composed by Debussy.
Play a few pieces composed by Tchaikovsky, please.
Play a few pieces composed by Tchaikovsky.
Play a few songs by Ed Sheeran for me.
Play a few songs composed by Hans Zimmer, please.
Play a few songs from the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Play a few songs from the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Play a few songs from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a few songs from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a few songs from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a few songs from the artist Adele, if you can.
Play a few songs from the artist Bruno Mars.
Play a few songs from the genre of blues, at your leisure.
Play a few songs from the genre of blues.
Play a few songs from the genre of classic rock.
Play a few songs from the genre of hip-hop.
Play a few songs from the genre of reggae.
Play a few songs written by Max Martin
Play a few tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a few tracks from Nevermind by Nirvana.
Play a few tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon.
Play a few tracks from Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Play a few tracks from Beethovens symphonies.
Play a few tracks from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Play a few tracks from Miles Daviss Bitches Brew.
Play a few tracks from Taylor Swifts album 1989.
Play a few tracks from Taylor Swifts latest album.
Play a few tracks from the Abbey Road album.
Play a few tracks from the Black Album by Metallica.
Play a few tracks from the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Play a few tracks from the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Play a few tracks from the Hamilton Original Broadway Cast Recording.
Play a few tracks from the Imagine Dragons Evolve album, if you can.
Play a few tracks from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a few tracks from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac, if you want.
Play a few tracks from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a few tracks from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play a few tracks from the genre of blues.
Play a few tracks from the genre of jazz.
Play a folk song from Bob Dylans Highway 61 Revisited.
Play a folk song from Simon & Garfunkels Bridge over Troubled Water.
Play a folk song, if thats convenient.
Play a heavy metal song by Iron Maiden.
Play a heavy metal track by Iron Maiden.
Play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamars Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamars album Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Play a hip-hop track, if its all the same to you.
Play a hit from the Back in Black album by AC/DC.
Play a jazz track for me.
Play a jazz tune for me.
Play a jazz tune from Miles Davis Kind of Blue.
Play a jazz tune from Miles Daviss Kind of Blue.
Play a jazz tune, if its not a bother.
Play a lo-fi hip-hop beat to relax to, if youre in the mood.
Play a melody by Chopin, please, it would be very special.
Play a melody from the Beatles Sgt. Peppers album, please.
Play a melody from the electronic genre, please.
Play a melody from the film score of Inception by Hans Zimmer.
Play a melody from the soundtrack of The Godfather, please.
Play a melody from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
Play a metal song by Iron Maiden.
Play a metal song by Metallica from their Black Album.
Play a metal song from Metallicas Black Album.
Play a metal track by Metallica.
Play a metal track from Metallicas Master of Puppets.
Play a metal track, if thats to your liking.
Play a mix of country music from the 2000s
Play a mix of pop songs by various artists.
Play a mix of reggae hits by Bob Marley.
Play a mix of reggae music by Bob Marley.
Play a mix of songs from the genre of blues.
Play a number by Queen, please, it would be wonderful.
Play a number from Miles Davis Kind of Blue.
Play a number from the R&B artist Alicia Keys.
Play a number from the album Hotel California by the Eagles.
Play a number from the hip-hop genre, if possible.
Play a number from the jazz genre, please.
Play a number from the pop genre, if you would.
Play a number of jazz standards from the Kind of Blue album.
Play a piece by Beethoven, Im in the mood for classical.
Play a piece by Beethoven, to soothe my mind.
Play a piece by Chopin for a classical music evening.
Play a piece by Chopin on the piano.
Play a piece by Chopin, Im in the mood for piano music.
Play a piece by Chopin, preferably a nocturne.
Play a piece by Debussy from his Suite Bergamasque.
Play a piece by Mozart, Id enjoy that.
Play a piece by Mozart.
Play a piece by Vivaldi, if you have the time.
Play a piece by Vivaldi, its my favorite.
Play a piece by Vivaldi.
Play a piece by composer Vivaldi.
Play a piece by the composer Debussy, its so relaxing.
Play a piece composed by Vivaldi.
Play a piece from Beethovens symphonies.
Play a piece from Brahms Hungarian Dances.
Play a piece from Chopin, if you dont mind.
Play a piece from Debussys Clair de Lune, if you may.
Play a piece from Handels Messiah.
Play a piece from Mozarts Requiem, if you would.
Play a piece from Mozarts piano sonatas, if you would.
Play a piece from Schuberts Winterreise, please.
Play a piece from Schuberts Winterreise.
Play a piece from Tchaikovskys The Nutcracker.
Play a piece from Tchaikovskys Swan Lake.
Play a piece from Tchaikovskys The Nutcracker Suite.
Play a piece from Tchaikovskys ballets, please.
Play a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons, preferably Spring.
Play a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Play a piece from the Interstellar soundtrack for inspiration.
Play a piece from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a piece from the Baroque period by Handel.
Play a piece from the Baroque period.
Play a piece from the baroque period, it would be quite an experience.
Play a piece from the folk genre, if you may.
Play a piece from the rap album The Marshall Mathers LP by Eminem.
Play a piece from the reggae genre, kindly.
Play a playlist of electronic dance music.
Play a playlist of relaxing piano music
Play a pop song by Ariana Grande.
Play a pop song from Michael Jacksons Thriller album.
Play a pop song from Taylor Swifts 1989 album.
Play a pop song from the 1989 album by Taylor Swift.
Play a pop song from the 80s.
Play a pop song from the 90s.
Play a pop song thats trending right now.
Play a pop song, maybe something from Taylor Swifts Reputation album.
Play a pop song, preferably something upbeat, if its not too much trouble.
Play a pop track from Taylor Swifts 1989 album.
Play a punk rock song by The Ramones.
Play a punk rock song from The Clashs London Calling.
Play a punk rock track by The Ramones.
Play a punk rock track, if its not too much to ask.
Play a punk rock track, something from The Ramones would be cool.
Play a punk rock track, that would be great.
Play a random song by Queen
Play a random track from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play a random track from the genre of classical music.
Play a range of tracks from 1 to 4 from Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a rap song by Tupac Shakur.
Play a rap song by Tupac from the album All Eyez on Me.
Play a rap song from Eminems The Marshall Mathers LP.
Play a rap song from Kendrick Lamars Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Play a reggae song by Bob Marley for us.
Play a reggae song by Bob Marley.
Play a reggae song for us.
Play a reggae song from Bob Marleys Exodus.
Play a reggae song, if that suits the mood.
Play a reggae tune by Bob Marley.
Play a rock song by Led Zeppelin.
Play a rock song by Queen.
Play a rock song from the 80s, if youre up for it.
Play a rock song from the 80s.
Play a rock track from Queens A Night at the Opera.
Play a selection from Chopins Nocturnes.
Play a selection from Debussys preludes, please.
Play a selection from Handels Messiah, with pleasure.
Play a selection from Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Play a selection from Vivaldis violin concertos, kindly.
Play a selection from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a selection from the artist Taylor Swifts discography.
Play a selection from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
Play a selection from the works of Duke Ellington, please.
Play a selection of Tchaikovskys ballet scores.
Play a selection of baroque music composed by Vivaldi.
Play a selection of electronic dance music hits.
Play a selection of reggae hits from Bob Marley.
Play a selection of reggae music by Bob Marley.
Play a selection of reggae music, including songs by Bob Marley.
Play a selection of relaxing classical music pieces.
Play a selection of rock songs by Queen.
Play a selection of songs by Billie Eilish.
Play a selection of songs by the composer Chopin.
Play a selection of songs from Taylor Swifts 1989 album.
Play a selection of songs from the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack.
Play a selection of songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a selection of tracks from the album 1989 by Taylor Swift.
Play a song by Adele, her voice is amazing.
Play a song by Coldplay, please.
Play a song by Ed Sheeran, if you would be so kind.
Play a song by Ed Sheeran, preferably something acoustic.
Play a song by Frank Sinatra, lets go with a classic.
Play a song by Lady Gaga.
Play a song by Queen from the A Night at the Opera album.
Play a song by Queen from the album A Night at the Opera.
Play a song by Taylor Swift, please.
Play a song by The Beatles for a bit of nostalgia.
Play a song by The Beatles, any favorite of yours.
Play a song by The Beatles, any will do.
Play a song by the Beatles for me.
Play a song by the Beatles from the album Abbey Road.
Play a song by the Rolling Stones, please.
Play a song by the artist Lana Del Rey.
Play a song by the band The Beatles.
Play a song from The Beatles.
Play a song from Adeles album 21 for my reflection time.
Play a song from Adeles latest album, I love her voice.
Play a song from Adeles latest album.
Play a song from Lady Gagas latest album.
Play a song from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Play a song from the Abbey Road album by the Beatles.
Play a song from the Black Album by Metallica.
Play a song from the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey, please.
Play a song from the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Play a song from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a song from the Dark Side of the Moon album, please.
Play a song from the Guardians of the Galaxy album, I love those hits.
Play a song from the Hamilton musical soundtrack.
Play a song from the Hamilton original Broadway cast album.
Play a song from the Hamilton soundtrack, if thats alright with you.
Play a song from the Hamilton soundtrack, no rush.
Play a song from the Hamilton soundtrack.
Play a song from the Hotel California album by the Eagles.
Play a song from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a song from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Play a song from the R&B album Songs in the Key of Life by Stevie Wonder.
Play a song from the album 21 by Adele.
Play a song from the album Back in Black by AC/DC.
Play a song from the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey.
Play a song from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen, please, it would be epic.
Play a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play a song from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a song from the artist Adele for me.
Play a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a song from the artist who sings Rolling in the Deep
Play a song from the genre of classic rock by Led Zeppelin.
Play a song from the genre of classic rock.
Play a song from the genre of classical music composed by Chopin.
Play a song from the genre of electronic dance music.
Play a song from the genre of rock.
Play a song from the rock band Queens Greatest Hits.
Play a soulful tune by Aretha Franklin, if youre willing.
Play a symphony by Mozart, something soothing.
Play a track by Adele from her latest album, if you have it.
Play a track by Adele, her voice is amazing.
Play a track by Bach, would you?
Play a track by Beyoncé, something upbeat.
Play a track by Billie Eilish, I love her music.
Play a track by Billie Eilish, something from her debut album.
Play a track by Lady Gaga, but only when you have a moment.
Play a track by Lady Gaga, please, Id appreciate it.
Play a track by Lady Gaga.
Play a track by Madonna, something upbeat would be perfect.
Play a track by Mozart from his Requiem Mass in D minor.
Play a track by Taylor Swift, but only when you have time.
Play a track by The Beatles
Play a track by the Beatles from the album Abbey Road.
Play a track by the composer Chopin.
Play a track called Imagine by John Lennon.
Play a track called Purple Rain by Prince, please.
Play a track from A Love Supreme by John Coltrane, please, in your own time.
Play a track from Abbey Road by The Beatles, please.
Play a track from Abbey Road by the Beatles.
Play a track from Abbey Road, if that works for you.
Play a track from Dark Side of the Moon, if possible.
Play a track from Rumours by Fleetwood Mac, when possible.
Play a track from The Dark Side of the Moon for me.
Play a track from Adeles 21 album.
Play a track from Adeles latest album for me.
Play a track from Adeles newest album.
Play a track from Bachs Easter Oratorio, please.
Play a track from Beethovens symphonies, kindly.
Play a track from Brahms Hungarian Dances, if you may.
Play a track from Lady Gagas latest album.
Play a track from Mozarts Requiem in D minor.
Play a track from Schuberts Winterreise, thanks.
Play a track from the A Love Supreme album by John Coltrane.
Play a track from the A Star Is Born soundtrack by Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper.
Play a track from the Black Album by Metallica.
Play a track from the Black Panther album, it has great vibes.
Play a track from the Born To Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Play a track from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a track from the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Play a track from the Hamilton soundtrack, Im in the mood for a musical.
Play a track from the La La Land soundtrack.
Play a track from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Play a track from the K-pop group BTS.
Play a track from the R&B genre, kindly.
Play a track from the album Born in the U.S.A. by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a track from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen, when convenient.
Play a track from the album Nevermind by Nirvana, please, it would be iconic.
Play a track from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac, if you please.
Play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson, it would be delightful.
Play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play a track from the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey.
Play a track from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play a track from the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
Play a track from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a track from the artist Billie Eilishs album When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?
Play a track from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play a track from the artist Drakes Certified Lover Boy album.
Play a track from the artist Drakes latest album.
Play a track from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a track from the artist Lizzos latest album.
Play a track from the artist Prince, maybe Purple Rain?
Play a track from the artist Taylor Swifts album 1989.
Play a track from the blues genre by B.B. King.
Play a track from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk.
Play a track from the genre of classical music.
Play a track from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar.
Play a track from the reggae artist Bob Marley.
Play a track from the rock genre, if you can.
Play a track from the rock genre.
Play a track from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
Play a track named Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Play a track named Imagine by John Lennon.
Play a track thats part of the Baroque genre.
Play a track thats pure blues.
Play a track with smooth jazz vibes by Norah Jones.
Play a tune by Chopin, maybe a nocturne or a polonaise.
Play a tune by Madonna, any of her top hits will do.
Play a tune by the Beatles.
Play a tune from Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd, it would be awesome.
Play a tune from Adeles latest album, please.
Play a tune from Vivaldis Four Seasons, please.
Play a tune from Vivaldis The Four Seasons.
Play a tune from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a tune from the artist Ed Sheerans latest album.
Play a tune from the blues genre, please.
Play a tune from the country genre, if you can.
Play a tune from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk.
Play a tune from the punk genre by The Ramones.
Play an assortment of rock songs from the 90s.
Play an electronic dance music track, if thats alright.
Play five songs from the artist Prince.
Play jazz music by John Coltrane
Play me a classical piece by Mozart.
Play one of Chopins nocturnes, if you would.
Play one track by Adele.
Play some Beethoven symphonies by the Berlin Philharmonic
Play some alternative rock from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Play some ambient music for studying
Play some ambient music to help me relax.
Play some blues from B.B. King.
Play some blues music by B.B. King
Play some blues to set the mood.
Play some chill electronic music for my study session.
Play some chill lo-fi beats to relax to
Play some classic blues tracks.
Play some classic country songs from the Golden Road album by Keith Urban.
Play some classic reggae music for me.
Play some classic rock from the 70s
Play some classic rock from the 70s.
Play some classic rock hits from the 70s, if you would.
Play some classic rock songs
Play some classic rock songs for me.
Play some classic rock songs from the 70s.
Play some classic rock tracks from the 70s
Play some classic rock tracks from the 70s.
Play some classic rock tunes, how about Led Zeppelin?
Play some classic rock, how about Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Play some classical guitar music by Andrés Segovia
Play some classical guitar, maybe a piece by Andrés Segovia.
Play some classical music pieces by Beethoven.
Play some country music by Johnny Cash
Play some country music from Johnny Cash.
Play some country music from artists like Johnny Cash.
Play some country music from the 90s.
Play some country music hits from the 90s.
Play some country music, perhaps Johnny Cash.
Play some country tunes by Johnny Cash, will you?
Play some electronic dance music.
Play some energetic pop music.
Play some hip-hop by Kendrick Lamar
Play some hip-hop music by Tupac Shakur.
Play some hip-hop to get the party started.
Play some hip-hop tracks by Kendrick Lamar
Play some hip-hop, maybe something from Kendrick Lamar.
Play some indie rock tracks.
Play some jazz from the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Play some jazz music for the evening.
Play some jazz music from Miles Davis on the speakers.
Play some jazz music from the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Play some jazz music from the album Kind of Blue.
Play some jazz music.
Play some music by the artist Prince.
Play some music by the composer Vivaldi.
Play some of Chopins nocturnes, whenever youre ready.
Play some of Daft Punks electronic music, if youre up for it.
Play some of Vivaldis violin concertos, when convenient.
Play some of the Rolling Stones greatest hits.
Play some of the best compositions by Handel, at your earliest convenience.
Play some of the best compositions by Johann Strauss II.
Play some of the best compositions by Tchaikovsky.
Play some of the best compositions by Vivaldi.
Play some of the best grunge tracks from the 90s.
Play some of the classic blues tracks by B.B. King.
Play some of the greatest hits by The Beatles.
Play some of the greatest hits from Elton John.
Play some of the greatest hits from the artist Prince.
Play some of the greatest hits from the country genre.
Play some of the greatest hits from the rock genre.
Play some of the iconic songs by Queen.
Play some of the latest pop songs, please.
Play some of the most popular electronic dance music hits.
Play some of the top pop songs from the 80s.
Play some old school hip-hop tracks.
Play some old school rap by Tupac
Play some reggae music for me.
Play some reggae music from Bob Marley
Play some reggae music from Bob Marley.
Play some reggae music to lighten the mood.
Play some relaxing ambient music for studying
Play some relaxing ambient music for studying.
Play some relaxing classical music.
Play some rock music from the 90s.
Play some rock music, perhaps a song by The Rolling Stones.
Play some rock music, perhaps a track by The Rolling Stones?
Play some smooth jazz by Norah Jones
Play some smooth jazz from Miles Davis for me.
Play some smooth jazz from the album Time Out
Play some smooth jazz tunes for me.
Play some songs from Adeles 21 album.
Play some songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Play some soothing instrumental music.
Play some tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play some tracks from Adeles latest album, thank you.
Play some tracks from Beethovens symphonies.
Play some tracks from the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Play some tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play some tracks from the artist Adeles latest record.
Play some tracks from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play some tracks from the film score of Inception
Play some tracks from the genre of jazz.
Play some tracks from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar.
Play some upbeat dance music.
Play some upbeat pop music for me.
Play some upbeat pop music to lift the mood.
Play something bluesy from B.B. Kings Live at the Regal.
Play something by Chopin, I could use some soothing piano music.
Play something by The Beatles, if you can.
Play something classical from Tchaikovskys Swan Lake.
Play something from the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Play something from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play something from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play something from the genre of electronic music.
Play songs by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play the Best of 90s playlist, please.
Play the Black Album by Metallica from start to finish.
Play the Blue Album by Weezer.
Play the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Play the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd
Play the Four Seasons by Vivaldi, performed by Itzhak Perlman
Play the Top 50 Global playlist on Spotify.
Play the album Back to Black by Amy Winehouse.
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd in full.
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd in its entirety.
Play the album Nevermind by Nirvana starting with track number four.
Play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac in its entirety
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson now, please.
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson, please.
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd, if youre able.
Play the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis
Play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson, if youd be so kind.
Play the artist Ariana Grandes chart-topping hits, if youre inclined.
Play the artist Billie Eilishs newest tracks.
Play the artist Ed Sheerans latest single.
Play the artist Ed Sheerans popular songs, if you please.
Play the artist Ed Sheerans song Shape of You.
Play the best hits from the 80s era.
Play the best hits from the 80s pop genre.
Play the best of 90s rock music
Play the best of Chopin.
Play the best of country music hits.
Play the best of hip-hop from the early 2000s.
Play the best of the 90s grunge scene.
Play the best songs from Adeles 21 album.
Play the best songs from the grunge era.
Play the best songs from the jazz genre.
Play the best tracks from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Play the blues album Born Under a Bad Sign by Albert King.
Play the blues album Texas Flood by Stevie Ray Vaughan
Play the classical album The Four Seasons by Vivaldi.
Play the classical piece Tchaikovskys Piano Concerto No. 1
Play the complete works of Chopin.
Play the country album Golden Hour by Kacey Musgraves
Play the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk
Play the entire Dark Side of the Moon album
Play the entire Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Play the first three songs from Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play the first three songs from Adeles latest album.
Play the first three songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Play the first three songs from the Thriller album by Michael Jackson.
Play the first three songs from the album Hotel California by Eagles.
Play the first track from the Black Album by Metallica
Play the folk album Freewheelin Bob Dylan by Bob Dylan
Play the genre of classic rock.
Play the greatest hits album by The Beatles for me.
Play the greatest hits of The Beatles
Play the greatest hits of the 80s.
Play the hip-hop album Illmatic by Nas.
Play the hip-hop album To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar
Play the indie album Fleet Foxes by Fleet Foxes
Play the jazz album A Love Supreme by John Coltrane
Play the latest album by Adele
Play the latest album by Coldplay
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift for me, please.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift, if you would.
Play the latest album by the artist Adele.
Play the latest hip-hop releases
Play the latest pop album.
Play the latest single by Taylor Swift.
Play the latest single from Taylor Swift.
Play the latest song by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest track by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest tracks from Radiohead, I love their sound.
Play the live recording of Hotel California by Eagles
Play the metal album Master of Puppets by Metallica
Play the most popular K-pop songs
Play the most popular songs by the artist Billie Eilish.
Play the most popular songs from Adele.
Play the newest pop songs.
Play the opening song from the musical Hamilton.
Play the original soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
Play the pop album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play the punk album London Calling by The Clash
Play the reggae album Legend by Bob Marley
Play the rock album Nevermind by Nirvana
Play the second movement of Mozarts Piano Concerto No. 21.
Play the song Bohemian Rhapsody from the album A Night at the Opera.
Play the song Clair de Lune by Debussy.
Play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen.
Play the song Halo by Beyoncé.
Play the song Imagine by John Lennon for me.
Play the song Imagine by John Lennon, please.
Play the song Imagine by John Lennon.
Play the song Purple Rain by the artist Prince.
Play the song Shape of You by Ed Sheeran
Play the song Shape of You by Ed Sheeran.
Play the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Play the song Whats Going On by Marvin Gaye.
Play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen
Play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen, please.
Play the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Play the song with the lyrics Hello, is it me youre looking for?
Play the soundtrack album Inception by Hans Zimmer
Play the top five Billboard charting tracks
Play the top five tracks by Taylor Swift.
Play the top hits from the 1980s, please.
Play the top hits from the 2000s.
Play the top hits from the 80s pop genre.
Play the top hits from the 80s, please.
Play the top hits from the 80s.
Play the top hits from the 90s
Play the top hits from the 90s alternative genre
Play the top hits from the 90s grunge scene
Play the top jazz albums from the 1960s.
Play the top songs from the 80s rock genre.
Play the top songs from the artist Ariana Grande.
Play the top songs from the hip-hop playlist, please.
Play the top songs from the jazz genre.
Play the top songs from the rock genre.
Play the top tracks from the jazz genre
Play the top tracks from the jazz genre.
Play the top tracks from the rock genre.
Play the track Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Play the track Hallelujah from the album Various Positions by Leonard Cohen.
Play the track Hallelujah, I think its by Leonard Cohen.
Play three of the top hits from the 80s, if you dont mind.
Play three pieces composed by Chopin.
Play three songs by The Beatles, if its not too much trouble.
Play three songs by the Beatles.
Play three songs by the artist Sia.
Play three songs from Adeles newest album
Play three songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Play three tracks from Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Play tracks from The Beatles White Album
Play tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play tracks from the artist Adele
Play two tracks by the artist Lana Del Rey.
Please play Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play Hotel California by Eagles, its one of my favorites.
Please play Hotel California by the Eagles.
Please play Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis.
Please play Purple Rain by Prince.
Please play Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Please play Sweet Child o Mine by Guns N Roses.
Please play Vivaldis Four Seasons, I love classical music.
Please play Beethovens 5th Symphony.
Please play Beethovens 9th Symphony next.
Please play Beethovens 9th Symphony.
Please play Beethovens Fifth Symphony.
Please play Beethovens Symphony No. 9 by Berlin Philharmonic
Please play Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Please play Chopins Nocturnes.
Please play Glenn Goulds recordings of Bachs Goldberg Variations
Please play Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Please play a blues album, I love that genre.
Please play a blues genre song for me.
Please play a blues track by B.B. King at your leisure.
Please play a blues track by B.B. King.
Please play a blues track to match my mood.
Please play a classic from Chopins Nocturnes.
Please play a classic from the punk band The Clashs London Calling album.
Please play a classical piece by Mozart, it would be truly magnificent.
Please play a classical piece from Tchaikovskys Swan Lake.
Please play a composition by Beethoven, it would be deeply appreciated.
Please play a composition by Beethoven, perhaps something from his symphonies.
Please play a composition by Chopin.
Please play a composition from Chopins Nocturnes.
Please play a composition from Mozarts Requiem.
Please play a country song by Johnny Cash.
Please play a country song from Johnny Cashs At Folsom Prison.
Please play a country song from Johnny Cashs Folsom Prison Blues.
Please play a country tune from Johnny Cashs album Folsom Prison Blues.
Please play a couple of Beethovens symphonies.
Please play a couple of songs from the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
Please play a couple of tracks from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Please play a dance number by Avicii.
Please play a disco hit by the Bee Gees.
Please play a disco track by the Bee Gees.
Please play a few songs from the genre of jazz.
Please play a few songs from the rock genre.
Please play a few tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play a few tracks from Led Zeppelin IV by Led Zeppelin.
Please play a few tracks from Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Please play a few tracks from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play a few tracks from the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack.
Please play a folk song by Simon & Garfunkel from their album Bridge over Troubled Water.
Please play a folk song.
Please play a hip-hop beat by Tupac, it would be much appreciated.
Please play a hip-hop song.
Please play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Please play a hip-hop track for me.
Please play a hip-hop track, that would be awesome.
Please play a jazz piece by Miles Davis. That would be soothing.
Please play a jazz piece for me.
Please play a jazz piece from Miles Davis Kind of Blue.
Please play a jazz song from the Kind of Blue album.
Please play a jazz track by Miles Davis.
Please play a jazz tune for me.
Please play a jazz tune from Miles Davis Kind of Blue album.
Please play a melody from Handels Water Music.
Please play a metal album, something heavy.
Please play a metal song by Metallica.
Please play a metal song from Metallicas Black Album.
Please play a metal track by Iron Maiden.
Please play a metal track by Metallica.
Please play a piece by Bach, maybe something from the Brandenburg Concertos.
Please play a piece by Chopin from his Nocturnes collection.
Please play a piece from Chopin on the piano.
Please play a piece from Chopins Nocturnes.
Please play a piece from Debussys Suite Bergamasque.
Please play a piece from the Nutcracker by Tchaikovsky.
Please play a piece of electronic dance music by Avicii.
Please play a pop song by Ariana Grande.
Please play a pop song by Taylor Swift from her 1989 album.
Please play a punk rock song by The Ramones.
Please play a punk rock song from the 70s, at your earliest convenience.
Please play a punk rock track by The Ramones.
Please play a punk rock track.
Please play a range of classical music by Mozart.
Please play a range of soundtracks from epic movies.
Please play a rock song from the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
Please play a rock track by Led Zeppelin, it would mean the world.
Please play a rock track from the Black Album by Metallica.
Please play a selection from Bachs Italian Concerto.
Please play a selection from Chopins Nocturnes.
Please play a selection from Chopins nocturnes for piano.
Please play a selection from Vivaldis The Four Seasons.
Please play a selection from the Baroque period by Scarlatti.
Please play a selection from the opera Carmen by Bizet.
Please play a selection of Bachs chamber music.
Please play a selection of Disney movie soundtracks.
Please play a selection of baroque music compositions.
Please play a selection of hip-hop tracks from the 90s.
Please play a selection of hip-hop tracks.
Please play a selection of reggae music.
Please play a song by The Beatles.
Please play a song by the Beatles next.
Please play a song from The Dark Side of the Moon.
Please play a song from Adeles latest album.
Please play a song from The Beatles Abbey Road album.
Please play a song from the Abbey Road album.
Please play a song from the Hotel California album by The Eagles.
Please play a song from the album Abbey Road.
Please play a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Please play a song from the alternative rock band Radiohead.
Please play a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play a song from the genre of classic rock.
Please play a song from the genre of electronic dance music.
Please play a song from the reggae artist Bob Marley.
Please play a song from the soundtrack of the movie The Lion King.
Please play a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
Please play a soulful song by Aretha Franklin, it would be touching.
Please play a track by Bach, it would be very nice.
Please play a track by Beethoven.
Please play a track by Daft Punk, I feel like dancing.
Please play a track by Mozart for a relaxing evening.
Please play a track by Mozart from his Requiem.
Please play a track by Mozart.
Please play a track by Queen from the A Night at the Opera album.
Please play a track from Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Please play a track from Nevermind by Nirvana.
Please play a track from Adeles latest album soon.
Please play a track from Adeles latest album. It would be wonderful.
Please play a track from Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Please play a track from Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Please play a track from the A Night at the Opera album by Queen.
Please play a track from the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play a track from the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Please play a track from the K-pop group BTSs album Love Yourself: Tear.
Please play a track from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Please play a track from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Please play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Please play a track from the genre of alternative rock.
Please play a track from the genre of indie by the artist Arctic Monkeys.
Please play a track from the opera Carmen by Bizet.
Please play a tune by Miles Davis for my dinner party.
Please play a variety of salsa music for dancing.
Please play an electronic track by Daft Punk.
Please play an electronic track from Daft Punks Discovery.
Please play some ambient music by Brian Eno.
Please play some ambient music to relax to.
Please play some ambient tracks for studying.
Please play some baroque music by Handel.
Please play some blues genre music.
Please play some blues, maybe something from B.B. King.
Please play some classic rock from the 70s
Please play some classic rock from the 70s.
Please play some classic rock hits from the 70s.
Please play some classic rock music.
Please play some classical guitar pieces by Andrés Segovia.
Please play some classical music by Mozart.
Please play some classical music, maybe Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Please play some electronic dance music by Daft Punk.
Please play some electronic music by Daft Punk.
Please play some electronic music from the artist Avicii.
Please play some energetic electronic dance music.
Please play some energetic workout music.
Please play some hip-hop from Kendrick Lamar.
Please play some hip-hop music from Kendrick Lamars Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Please play some jazz music for me.
Please play some jazz music from Miles Davis.
Please play some jazz music from the album The Epic by Kamasi Washington.
Please play some jazz music.
Please play some music by Adele.
Please play some of Bachs music for unaccompanied violin.
Please play some of Bachs violin sonatas and partitas.
Please play some of Mozarts piano concertos.
Please play some of Tchaikovskys ballet music, like Swan Lake.
Please play some of the famous arias from The Magic Flute by Mozart.
Please play some of the greatest hits by Queen.
Please play some of the greatest hits from the 80s.
Please play some of the top songs by The Rolling Stones.
Please play some reggae music for a change.
Please play some reggae music, like Bob Marleys hits.
Please play some reggae, maybe something from Bob Marley?
Please play some relaxing ambient music for studying.
Please play some salsa music for our party.
Please play some songs from the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Please play some songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play some songs from the genre of blues.
Please play some songs from the hip-hop genre.
Please play some soothing classical guitar music by Andrés Segovia.
Please play some tracks by the artist Sia.
Please play some tracks from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please play some tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Please play some tracks from the album Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis.
Please play some tracks from the genre of electronic music.
Please play some upbeat salsa music to dance to.
Please play something by Lady Gaga. It would be fabulous.
Please play something by the Beatles.
Please play something from Beethovens symphonies.
Please play something from Chopin, perhaps a nocturne.
Please play something from the Purple Rain album.
Please play something from the Baroque period, maybe Vivaldi?
Please play something from the composer Chopin.
Please play something from the genre of electronic dance music.
Please play the Abbey Road album by The Beatles.
Please play the Black Album by Metallica.
Please play the Born to Run album by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play the Dark Side of the Moon album by Pink Floyd.
Please play the Hamilton original Broadway cast recording.
Please play the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Please play the Nutcracker Suite by Tchaikovsky.
Please play the album Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Please play the album Born in the U.S.A. by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Please play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Please play the album Blue by Joni Mitchell
Please play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please play the artist Billie Eilishs latest single.
Please play the artist Billie Eilish.
Please play the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play the artist Taylor Swift.
Please play the best of 90s grunge music.
Please play the best of Ed Sheeran
Please play the first track from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Please play the latest Taylor Swift album.
Please play the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Please play the latest pop songs on the charts.
Please play the latest songs by Billie Eilish.
Please play the latest track by Lady Gaga.
Please play the song Imagine by John Lennon.
Please play the song Imagine by the artist John Lennon.
Please play the song Purple Rain by Prince.
Please play the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Please play the song Under Pressure by Queen and David Bowie.
Please play the soundtrack from the movie Inception by Hans Zimmer.
Please play the soundtrack from the movie The Greatest Showman.
Please play the soundtrack from the movie Inception by Hans Zimmer
Please play the top songs from the Born to Die album by Lana Del Rey.
Please play the top songs from the 80s genre.
Please play the top songs from the jazz genre.
Please play the track Air on the G String composed by Bach.
Please put on a salsa tune, something lively.
Please put on the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please resume the playback of my rock playlist.
Please start playing jazz music.
Put on Hotel California by the Eagles.
Put on a country song by Johnny Cash.
Put on a rap song by Drake.
Put on some classical music by Tchaikovsky
Put on the symphony No. 5 by Tchaikovsky
Queue a composition by the classical composer Debussy.
Queue a song by Ed Sheeran from his Divide album.
Queue a track from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Queue some tracks from the Rumours album by Fleetwood Mac.
Queue up Billie Jean by Michael Jackson.
Queue up a country tune, any will do.
Queue up a couple of albums by The Rolling Stones.
Queue up a couple of tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon.
Queue up a couple of tracks from Taylor Swifts latest album.
Queue up a few songs from the artist Billie Eilish.
Queue up a few tracks from the Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Queue up a few tracks from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Queue up a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Queue up a punk rock track from Green Days American Idiot album.
Queue up a song from Nirvanas Nevermind album.
Queue up a track from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Queue up some classic tracks from the 80s.
Queue up some classical music by Beethoven.
Queue up some classical music by Chopin.
Queue up some classical music by Vivaldi.
Queue up some country songs by Johnny Cash.
Queue up some energetic rock music from the 80s.
Queue up some jazz standards by Miles Davis.
Queue up some of the Beatles greatest hits.
Queue up some of the most popular K-pop songs.
Queue up the Mozart Essentials playlist.
Queue up the Nutcracker suite by Tchaikovsky.
Queue up the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Queue up the album Graceland by Paul Simon.
Queue up the best songs from the composer Beethoven.
Queue up the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Queue up the top tracks from Taylor Swift
Queue up tracks from Adeles 21 album.
Resume playback of Chopins nocturnes.
Resume playback of electronic dance music
Resume playback of the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Resume playback of the playlist Todays Top Hits
Resume playing Beethovens symphonies
Resume playing The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd
Resume playing the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Resume playing the playlist with Chopins nocturnes.
Shuffle and play some reggae music.
Shuffle play songs by the artist Adele.
Shuffle songs by The Beatles
Shuffle songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Start a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Start a playlist of Beethovens symphonies.
Start a playlist of Chopins nocturnes.
Start a playlist of electronic dance music.
Start a playlist with a couple of electronic tracks by Daft Punk.
Start a song from the artist Drakes Views album.
Start playing Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen right now, please.
Start playing Hotel California by the Eagles.
Start playing Requiem composed by Mozart.
Start playing Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Start playing The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start playing Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Start playing Chopin nocturnes performed by Arthur Rubinstein
Start playing Chopins Nocturnes.
Start playing Chopins nocturnes for me.
Start playing a classical piece by Rachmaninoff.
Start playing a composition from Chopins Nocturnes.
Start playing a few tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon.
Start playing a few tracks from the Purple Rain album by Prince.
Start playing a folk song by Simon & Garfunkel.
Start playing a folk tune by Bob Dylan.
Start playing a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Start playing a metal song by Metallica from the Black Album.
Start playing a metal track from Metallicas Black Album.
Start playing a piece by Chopin.
Start playing a piece from Mozarts Requiem.
Start playing a piece from Vivaldis Four Seasons.
Start playing a punk rock song from The Clashs London Calling album.
Start playing a punk rock track by The Ramones.
Start playing a rock song from the album Hotel California by Eagles.
Start playing a song from Adeles album 21.
Start playing a song from the metal band Metallicas Black Album.
Start playing a track from Chopins Nocturnes.
Start playing a track from Debussys Clair de Lune.
Start playing a track from Madonnas Like a Virgin album.
Start playing a track from Pink Floyds The Wall.
Start playing a track from the classical album The Four Seasons by Vivaldi.
Start playing a tune from Chopins Nocturnes collection.
Start playing ambient music for studying.
Start playing an electronic album by Daft Punk.
Start playing hip-hop hits from the 90s
Start playing hip-hop music.
Start playing hip-hop songs from Kendrick Lamars new album.
Start playing hip-hop songs.
Start playing jazz music
Start playing jazz music by Miles Davis
Start playing piano sonatas by Alfred Brendel
Start playing pop songs from the 1980s.
Start playing random songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Start playing random tracks from the Abbey Road album.
Start playing reggae hits by Bob Marley
Start playing some ambient music for relaxation.
Start playing some ambient music for studying.
Start playing some blues by B.B. King, please.
Start playing some blues from B.B. Kings Live at the Regal album.
Start playing some blues tracks.
Start playing some classic blues tracks, please.
Start playing some classic rock songs from the 70s.
Start playing some classic rock songs, please.
Start playing some classic rock tunes, please.
Start playing some classic rock tunes.
Start playing some classic rock, something from Pink Floyd would be great.
Start playing some classical music by Mozart.
Start playing some classical music composed by Beethoven.
Start playing some classical music from Mozart.
Start playing some classical music pieces.
Start playing some electronic music, perhaps a track by Daft Punk.
Start playing some hip-hop beats.
Start playing some hip-hop tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
Start playing some jazz from Miles Davis.
Start playing some jazz music for me, please.
Start playing some jazz music from Miles Daviss collection.
Start playing some jazz music, maybe something by Coltrane?
Start playing some jazz tunes by John Coltrane.
Start playing some of Chopins nocturnes for piano.
Start playing some of Chopins nocturnes.
Start playing some of Mozarts concertos.
Start playing some of the most popular K-pop songs.
Start playing some reggae music by Bob Marley.
Start playing some rock music from the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Start playing some salsa music by Celia Cruz.
Start playing some smooth jazz by Norah Jones.
Start playing some smooth jazz tunes.
Start playing some songs by The Rolling Stones.
Start playing some tracks by the artist Bob Dylan.
Start playing some tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start playing some tracks from the A Love Supreme album by John Coltrane.
Start playing songs by The Beatles.
Start playing songs from the Black Album by Metallica.
Start playing the Dark Side of the Moon album.
Start playing the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis
Start playing the Kind Of Blue album by Miles Davis.
Start playing the Kind Of Blue album.
Start playing the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven, please.
Start playing the Nevermind album by Nirvana.
Start playing the Nutcracker suite by Tchaikovsky now.
Start playing the album Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Start playing the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start playing the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Start playing the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Start playing the album Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Start playing the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey.
Start playing the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start playing the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Start playing the artist Adeles latest album.
Start playing the best of 90s grunge music.
Start playing the blues album Texas Flood by Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Start playing the blues genre
Start playing the classical piece Für Elise by Beethoven.
Start playing the greatest hits of Elton John.
Start playing the jazz album The Epic by Kamasi Washington.
Start playing the jazz album Kind Of Blue
Start playing the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Start playing the playlist Todays Top Hits on Spotify.
Start playing the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Start playing the top hits from the 80s pop genre.
Start playing the top hits from the pop genre.
Start playing the top hits from the rock genre.
Start playing the top songs from the jazz genre.
Start playing the top tracks from Adele, please.
Start playing the top tracks from the 80s rock genre.
Start playing top hits from the 80s, please.
Start playing top tracks from the hip-hop genre.
Start playing tracks from Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start playing tracks from Beethovens Symphony No. 9.
Start playing tracks from the La La Land movie soundtrack.
Start playing tracks from the artist Adele.
Start the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start the playlist Todays Top Hits on Spotify.
Start the playlist Todays Top Hits.
Start the playlist of top EDM tracks
Start the playlist with Bob Marleys songs.
Start the playlist with Chopins nocturnes.
Start the playlist with electronic dance music hits.
Start the playlist with some of Mozarts piano concertos.
Start the playlist with some rock n roll classics.
Start the playlist with the best of 80s synth-pop
Start the playlist with the best of 90s grunge music.
Start the playlist with top hits from the 80s.
Stream the soundtrack of The Greatest Showman
When convenient, play a track from The Dark Side of the Moon.
When it suits you, play a rock anthem from the 80s.
When theres time, could you play a classical piece by Vivaldi?
When youre free, could you play a salsa tune?
Would it be possible to play a pop track by Madonna?
Would it be possible to play a soul song by Aretha Franklin?
Would it be possible to play some classic rock from the 70s?
Would it be possible to play the Thriller album by Michael Jackson?
Would you be so kind as to play some Bach?
Would you kindly play a track by Mozart from his Symphony No. 40?
Would you mind playing Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Would you mind playing a Beethoven symphony? It would be magnificent.
Would you mind playing a ballad by Adele? It would be touching.
Would you mind playing a bit of Mozart for me?
Would you mind playing a classical piece by Mozart?
Would you mind playing a few songs by Adele for me?
Would you mind playing a few songs from the genre of rock?
Would you mind playing a few tracks from the genre of blues?
Would you mind playing a jazz tune for me?
Would you mind playing a piece composed by Mozart?
Would you mind playing a piece from Tchaikovskys Swan Lake?
Would you mind playing a pop song by Madonna?
Would you mind playing a pop song by Taylor Swift?
Would you mind playing a pop song from the 80s?
Would you mind playing a punk rock track by The Ramones?
Would you mind playing a song from the Rumours album?
Would you mind playing an album by Adele?
Would you mind playing some classic rock from the 70s?
Would you mind playing some classic rock hits?
Would you mind playing some jazz music? It would be delightful.
Would you mind playing some jazz tunes from Miles Davis?
Would you mind playing some of Beethovens symphonies?
Would you mind playing some of Queens greatest hits?
Would you mind playing the Moonlight Sonata album by Beethoven?
Would you mind playing the Thriller album by Michael Jackson?
Would you mind playing the song Purple Haze by Jimi Hendrix?
Would you mind putting on some classical music by Mozart?
Would you mind putting on some reggae music? It would be chill.
Would you mind putting on the Black Album by Metallica?
Would you mind queuing up some Beethoven?
Would you play a couple of Mozart symphonies, kindly?
Would you play a few classical music pieces from the Romantic era?
Would you play a few songs written by Duke Ellington?
Would you play a track from the Nevermind album by Nirvana?