Blast the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Bump Hotline Bling by Drake.
Crank up that banger Old Town Road.
Fire up Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana.
Get the party started with Hey Ya! by OutKast.
Hit play on Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Jam to Uptown Funk by Bruno Mars.
Play Adore You by Harry Styles.
Play Halo by Beyoncé.
Play My Heart Will Go On by Celine Dion.
Play Rolling in the Deep by Adele.
Play Senorita by Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.
Play Shape of You by Ed Sheeran.
Play Wonderwall by Oasis.
Play a banger from the 90s.
Play a couple of hits from Ariana Grande.
Play a few songs by Maroon 5.
Play a few tracks from Abbey Road.
Play a song by The Weeknd.
Play a song from the album Lemonade.
Play a track by The Chainsmokers.
Play a track from To Pimp a Butterfly.
Play a track from Beyoncé.
Play a track from the album 1989 by Taylor Swift.
Play a tune from Starboy.
Play some beats by Calvin Harris.
Play some classic rock from AC/DC.
Play some country music by Luke Combs.
Play some hip-hop beats by Kendrick Lamar.
Play some jazz from Miles Davis.
Play some reggae from Bob Marley.
Play something chill by Jack Johnson.
Play the album The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play the first three songs on the album.
Play the hit Bad Guy by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest bop by Dua Lipa.
Play the latest song by Ed Sheeran.
Play the number one hit by The Weeknd.
Play the song Havana by Camila Cabello.
Play the top track by Post Malone.
Play track number 5.
Put on some tunes from The Beatles.
Queue up Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Resume playback.
Resume the music.
Shuffle some tracks by The Rolling Stones.
Spin Sweet Child o Mine by Guns N Roses.
Spin that track Purple Rain from Prince.
Start playing Billie Jean from MJ.
Stream Lose Yourself by Eminem.Activate the track Rio by Duran Duran
Begin the track Rio by Duran Duran
Can you play Duran Durans Rio for me?
Command to play the song Rio by Duran Duran
Could we listen to Rio by Duran Duran?
Could you play the track Rio by Duran Duran?
Engage the track Rio by Duran Duran
Execute play command for Rio by Duran Duran
I want to hear the track Rio by Duran Duran
Id be delighted to listen to Rio by Duran Duran
Id enjoy hearing Rio by Duran Duran
Id like to listen to Rio by Duran Duran
Id love to hear Rio by Duran Duran now
Id prefer to listen to Rio by Duran Duran
Im asking for Rio by Duran Duran to play
Im choosing to listen to Rio by Duran Duran
Im craving the song Rio by Duran Duran
Im deciding on Rio by Duran Duran for music
Im desiring to hear Rio by Duran Duran
Im eager to listen to Rio by Duran Duran
Im going for Rio by Duran Duran to listen to
Im hoping to play Rio by Duran Duran
Im in the mood for Rio by Duran Duran
Im keen on hearing Rio by Duran Duran
Im longing to listen to Rio by Duran Duran
Im opting to hear Rio by Duran Duran
Im picking Rio by Duran Duran to play
Im requesting Rio by Duran Duran to be played
Im selecting Rio by Duran Duran for playback
Im settling on Rio by Duran Duran to play
Im wishing to hear Rio by Duran Duran
Im yearning for Rio by Duran Duran to play
Initiate playback of Rio by Duran Duran
Kindly play Rio by Duran Duran
Load the song Rio by Duran Duran
Play Duran Durans hit Rio
Play Rio by the artist known as Duran Duran
Play Rio by the music group Duran Duran
Play Rio from the artist Duran Duran
Play Rio, a ballad by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a chart-topper by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a classic by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a composition by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a ditty by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a hit by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a jingle by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a melody by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a number by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a piece by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a popular song by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a record by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a single by Duran Duran
Play Rio, a song by the band Duran Duran
Play Rio, a track from Duran Duran
Play Rio, a tune by Duran Duran
Play Rio, an album track by Duran Duran
Play Rio, an anthem by Duran Duran
Play Rio, as performed by Duran Duran
Play Rio, by the group Duran Duran
Play Rio, performed by Duran Duran
Play that song Rio by Duran Duran
Play that track Rio by Duran Duran
Play the Duran Duran anthem, Rio
Play the Duran Duran ballad, Rio
Play the Duran Duran ditty, Rio
Play the Duran Duran hit, Rio
Play the Duran Duran jingle, Rio
Play the Duran Duran melody, Rio
Play the Duran Duran number, Rio
Play the Duran Duran song named Rio
Play the Duran Duran song, Rio
Play the Duran Duran track titled Rio
Play the Duran Duran tune, Rio
Play the album track Rio by Duran Duran
Play the anthem Rio by Duran Duran
Play the ballad Rio by Duran Duran
Play the chart-topper Rio by Duran Duran
Play the classic Rio by Duran Duran
Play the composition Rio by Duran Duran
Play the ditty Rio by Duran Duran
Play the hit Rio by Duran Duran
Play the jingle Rio by Duran Duran
Play the melody Rio by Duran Duran
Play the music Rio by Duran Duran
Play the number Rio by Duran Duran
Play the piece Rio by Duran Duran
Play the popular song Rio by Duran Duran
Play the record Rio by Duran Duran
Play the single Rio by Duran Duran
Play the song Rio from Duran Duran
Play the song Rio, by Duran Duran
Play the song by Duran Duran, Rio
Play the song named Rio by Duran Duran
Play the track Rio, by Duran Duran
Play the track by Duran Duran called Rio
Play the track called Rio by Duran Duran
Play the tune Rio by Duran Duran
Please initiate Rio by Duran Duran
Please play Rio, a track by Duran Duran
Please play the track Rio by Duran Duran
Proceed to play Rio by the band Duran Duran
Put on the song Rio by Duran Duran
Queue up Duran Durans track Rio
Request to play Rio by Duran Duran
Resume playback with the song Rio by Duran Duran
Set the track Rio by Duran Duran to play
Start playing Rio by Duran Duran
Would you mind playing Rio by Duran Duran?Activate the artist Ariana Grandes music
Activate the artist Cardi Bs music
Activate the artist Green Days music
Activate the artist Lordes music
Activate the artist The Weeknds music
Activate the track Lose Yourself by Eminem
Begin the song Hotel California by Eagles
Begin the track Blinding Lights by The Weeknd
Begin the track Bodak Yellow by Cardi B
Begin the track Boulevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day
Begin the track Royals by Lorde
Begin the track Thank U, Next by Ariana Grande
Can we hear the track Chandelier by Sia?
Can we hear the track Everlong by Foo Fighters?
Can we hear the track Paint It Black by The Rolling Stones?
Can we hear the track Purple Rain by Prince?
Can we hear the track Sugar by Maroon 5?
Can we hear the track Uptown Funk by Bruno Mars?
Can you play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play the track Adventure of a Lifetime by Coldplay?
Can you play the track Believer by Imagine Dragons?
Can you play the track Numb by Linkin Park?
Can you play the track Someone New by Hozier?
Can you play the track Under Pressure by Queen and David Bowie?
Can you play the track With or Without You by U2?
Could you play the artist Madonna?
Could you play the song Like a Rolling Stone by Bob Dylan?
Could you play the song Mr. Brightside by The Killers?
Could you play the song New Rules by Dua Lipa?
Could you play the song Summertime Sadness by Lana Del Rey?
Could you play the song Your Song by Elton John?
Could you start the track All of Me by John Legend?
Could you start the track Halo by Beyoncé?
Could you start the track Stay With Me by Sam Smith?
Could you start the track Sweet Child o Mine by Guns N Roses?
Could you start the track Under the Bridge by Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Could you start the track Yellow by Coldplay?
I want to hear the artist Bob Dylan
I want to hear the artist Dua Lipa
I want to hear the artist Elton John
I want to hear the artist Lana Del Rey
I want to hear the artist The Killers
I want to hear the track Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin
Id like to listen to the album American Idiot by Green Day
Id like to listen to the album Invasion of Privacy by Cardi B
Id like to listen to the album Melodrama by Lorde
Id like to listen to the album Nevermind by Nirvana
Id like to listen to the album Teenage Dream by Katy Perry
Id like to listen to the artist Taylor Swift
Id love to hear the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen
Id love to hear the artist Beyoncé
Id love to hear the artist Coldplay
Id love to hear the artist John Legend
Id love to hear the artist Red Hot Chili Peppers
Id love to hear the artist Sam Smith
Initiate playback of the song Closer by The Chainsmokers
Initiate playback of the song Hotline Bling by Drake
Initiate playback of the song In the End by Linkin Park
Initiate playback of the song Radioactive by Imagine Dragons
Initiate playback of the song Shape of You by Ed Sheeran
Initiate playback of the song Take Me to Church by Hozier
Play music by the artist Prince
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd
Play the artist Bruno Mars
Play the artist Drakes latest tracks
Play the artist Ed Sheerans tracks
Play the artist Foo Fighters
Play the artist Hoziers tracks
Play the artist Imagine Dragons tracks
Play the artist Linkin Parks tracks
Play the artist Maroon 5
Play the artist Sia
Play the artist The Chainsmokers tracks
Play the artist The Rolling Stones
Play the song American Idiot by Green Day
Play the song Billie Jean by Michael Jackson
Play the song Cheap Thrills by Sia
Play the song Firework by Katy Perry
Play the song Green Light by Lorde
Play the song I Like It by Cardi B
Play the song Let It Be by The Beatles
Play the song Moves Like Jagger by Maroon 5
Play the song Rolling in the Deep by Adele
Play the song Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana
Play the song Thats What I Like by Bruno Mars
Play the song The Pretender by Foo Fighters
Play the track Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen
Please play the album 24K Magic by Bruno Mars
Please play the album A Head Full of Dreams by Coldplay
Please play the album Evolve by Imagine Dragons
Please play the album Hozier by Hozier
Please play the album Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park
Please play the album Let It Be by The Beatles
Please play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac
Please play the album Songs About Jane by Maroon 5
Please play the album The Colour and the Shape by Foo Fighters
Please play the album The Joshua Tree by U2
Please play the album This Is Acting by Sia
Please play the artist Adeles music
Resume the album Back in Black by AC/DC
Start playing the album Born in the U.S.A. by Bruce Springsteen
Start playing the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey
Start playing the album Future Nostalgia by Dua Lipa
Start playing the album Graceland by Paul Simon
Start playing the album Hot Fuss by The Killers
Start playing the song Yesterday by The BeatlesCan we hear Billie Jean by Michael Jackson?
Can we hear California Dreamin by The Mamas & The Papas?
Can we listen to Imagine by John Lennon?
Can you play My Heart Will Go On by Celine Dion?
Can you play Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band by The Beatles?
Can you play the track Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Can you put on Like a Rolling Stone by Bob Dylan?
Can you start the song Superstition by Stevie Wonder?
Could you play something by The Beatles?
Could you start playing Bad Guy by Billie Eilish?
I feel like listening to A Night at the Opera by Queen.
I want to hear the Black Album by Metallica.
I want to listen to Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
I want to listen to No Scrubs by TLC.
I want to listen to Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
I want to listen to The Wall by Pink Floyd.
Id like to hear Back to Black by Amy Winehouse.
Id like to hear Let It Be by The Beatles.
Id like to hear Red by Taylor Swift.
Id like to hear Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana.
Id like to hear the artist Lizzos top tracks.
Id like to listen to the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Id love to hear Sweet Child o Mine by Guns N Roses.
Im in the mood for Hotel California by The Eagles.
Lets hear Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Play Dancing Queen by ABBA.
Play Firework by Katy Perry.
Play Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen, will you?
Play Heroes by David Bowie.
Play Lose Yourself by Eminem, please.
Play Old Town Road by Lil Nas X featuring Billy Ray Cyrus.
Play Shake It Off by Taylor Swift, would you?
Play Shape of You, the hit song by Ed Sheeran.
Play Wonderwall by Oasis for us.
Play Your Song by Elton John, please.
Play some music from the artist Taylor Swift.
Play the song Purple Rain for me.
Play the song Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson featuring Bruno Mars.
Please play Born This Way by Lady Gaga.
Please play Hey Jude by The Beatles.
Please play Rolling in the Deep by Adele.
Please play Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Please play Viva la Vida by Coldplay.
Please play some tracks from The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please play the album 1989 by Taylor Swift.
Please play the album Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Put on the latest tracks by Billie Eilish.
Resume playback, please.
Start playing songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Start playing the artist Ariana Grandes popular songs.Activate the tunes, play Havana by Camila Cabello.
Blast the best of the 80s.
Blast the track Purple Rain from Prince.
Bump Old Town Road right now.
Crank up some tunes by The Beatles.
Cue up the love songs playlist.
Engage the playlist with Jolene by Dolly Parton.
Fire up the Adele album.
Get Bohemian Rhapsody going by Queen.
Get the electronic dance music pumping.
Get the latest and greatest in rock playing.
Get the vibe right with some chill beats.
Get those 90s bangers playing.
Hit me with some classic punk tunes.
Hit play on Sweet Child o Mine by Guns N Roses.
Hit play on the indie folk playlist.
Hit shuffle on the top 40 hits.
Kick off the jam Uptown Funk by Mark Ronson.
Let Shape of You by Ed Sheeran play.
Let the music roll with Africa by Toto.
Lets get some workout anthems going.
Lets get the jazz standards playing.
Lets have some reggae to chill to.
Lets hear some indie gems.
Lets hear whats trending in pop music.
Play me some of that old school hip hop.
Play some feel-good music to brighten the day.
Play some headbanging heavy metal tracks.
Play some laid-back Sunday tunes.
Play some soothing classical pieces.
Play some tracks for a road trip vibe.
Play the best of live concert recordings.
Play the greatest guitar solos playlist.
Play the latest drops in hip hop.
Play the most streamed songs of the year.
Play the top 50 chart toppers.
Play the top tracks from the summer.
Press play on some classic rock tracks.
Queue up Despacito and let it rip.
Resume the bangers with Sicko Mode.
Resume the beats with Hotline Bling.
Resume the epic film scores.
Slam the play button on some Taylor Swift.
Slap on Bad Guy by Billie Eilish.
Spin some tracks from the golden age of jazz.
Spin that song Lose Yourself by Eminem.
Spin the viral hits playlist.
Start the playlist with Billie Jean by MJ.
Throw on that new Drake record.
Unpause the party with Cant Stop the Feeling.Blast Rio by Duran Duran, its a classic.
Can we chill to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we get Rio by Duran Duran going?
Can we get a bit of Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we groove to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we kick back with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we kick it with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we vibe to Rio by Duran Duran right now?
Can you drop Rio by Duran Duran next?
Can you play Rio by Duran Duran? Its a fave.
Can you play Rio? Duran Durans track?
Can you play Rio? You know, by Duran Duran.
Can you play that Duran Duran song, Rio?
Can you queue up Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you slide Rio by Duran Duran into the mix?
Can you spin Rio by Duran Duran for us?
Can you spin that track Rio by Duran Duran?
Could you start playing Rio by Duran Duran for me?
Crank up Rio by Duran Duran, lets go!
Duran Durans Rio is a vibe, play that.
Duran Durans Rio would be perfect, play that.
Fancy playing Rio by Duran Duran?
Feeling like some Duran Duran, play Rio for us.
Fire up Rio by Duran Duran on the stereo.
Get Rio by Duran Duran on the speakers, please.
Hey DJ, put on Rio by Duran Duran.
Hey, lets listen to Rio by the band Duran Duran.
Hit me with that Rio song by Duran Duran.
How about we listen to Rio by Duran Duran?
I need some Duran Duran, get Rio on.
I wanna hear Rio by Duran Duran, hit play please.
I wanna jam to Rio by Duran Duran, please.
Id dig hearing Rio by Duran Duran now.
Id like to hear Rio by Duran Duran, hit play.
Id like to hear Rio by Duran Duran, please.
Id love to hear Rio, that Duran Duran hit, please.
Im all about Rio by Duran Duran, lets play.
Im all for Rio by Duran Duran, lets play it.
Im craving that Duran Duran song, Rio.
Im craving that song Rio by Duran Duran.
Im down for some Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im down to listen to Rio by Duran Duran.
Im feeling Rio by Duran Duran, lets play that.
Im feeling Rio by Duran Duran, play that tune.
Im in for Rio by Duran Duran, spin it.
Im in the mood for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im in the mood for Rio by Duran Duran.
Im in the mood to play Rio by Duran Duran.
Im in the zone for Rio by Duran Duran.
Im itching for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im jonesing for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im keen on hearing Rio by Duran Duran.
Im keen to hear Rio by Duran Duran.
Im requesting Rio by Duran Duran, please.
Im thinking Rio by Duran Duran, hit play.
Lets blast Rio by Duran Duran, its a classic.
Lets blast Rio by Duran Duran, its dope.
Lets bump Rio by Duran Duran, its lit.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran bumping.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran on deck.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran on the airwaves.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran on the playlist.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran on the queue.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran on the speakers.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran on the system.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran on the turntable.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran playing, pronto.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran pumping.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran streaming, its lit.
Lets get Rio by Duran Duran streaming.
Lets get that Rio track by Duran Duran playing.
Lets groove to Rio by Duran Duran, shall we?
Lets hear that Duran Duran number, Rio.
Lets kick it with Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Lets pump up Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets queue Rio by Duran Duran, its fire.
Lets rock out to Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets rock to Rio by Duran Duran, hit it.
Lets roll with Rio by Duran Duran, okay?
Lets turn up Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets turn up with Rio by Duran Duran.
Play Duran Durans Rio, its a banger.
Play Duran Durans Rio, its a jam.
Play Duran Durans Rio, its a vibe.
Play Duran Durans track Rio, it slaps.
Play Rio by Duran Duran, its my jam.
Play Rio by Duran Duran, its my vibe.
Play something cool, like Rio by Duran Duran.
Play that Duran Duran anthem, Rio, yeah?
Play that Duran Duran hit, Rio, will you?
Play that Duran Duran track, Rio, you know?
Play that cool song Rio by Duran Duran.
Play the banger Rio by Duran Duran, please.
Play the classic Rio by Duran Duran, thanks.
Play the hit Rio by Duran Duran, its timeless.
Play the song Rio, by those Duran Duran guys.
Play the tune Rio by Duran Duran, its a hit.
Put on Rio by Duran Duran, its a bop.
Resume with Rio by Duran Duran, will ya?
Spin that track Rio by Duran Duran, would you?
Start the jam Rio by Duran Duran, will you?
Yo, can you throw on that song Rio from Duran Duran?Blast the tune Rio by Duran Duran!
Can we chillax with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we get jiggy with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we get the track Rio by Duran Duran on?
Can we sway to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we vibe to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you boot up Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you drop the track Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you engage Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you hit play on Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you initiate Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you kickstart Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you put Rio by Duran Duran on blast?
Can you start Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you throw on Rio by Duran Duran?
Could you play the Duran Duran track called Rio?
Cue up Rio by Duran Duran on the playlist.
Fire up that banger Rio by Duran Duran.
Get Rio by Duran Duran going on the stereo.
Hey, put on the song Rio by Duran Duran.
Hit me with that song Rio by Duran Duran.
I demand Rio by Duran Duran, play it now.
I need to hear Rio by Duran Duran, please play it.
I wanna hear Rio by Duran Duran, hit play!
Id like to listen to Rio by Duran Duran, please.
Id love to hear Rio by Duran Duran next.
Im aching for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im all about Rio by Duran Duran, lets hear it.
Im all in for Rio by Duran Duran, spin it.
Im craving that Duran Duran song Rio, play it.
Im desperate for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im down for some Rio by Duran Duran.
Im dying to hear Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im eager for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im feeling Rio by Duran Duran, play that.
Im fiending for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im gagging for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im hooked on Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im into Rio by Duran Duran, lets play it.
Im itching for some Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im longing for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im obsessed with Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im pining for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im pumped for Rio by Duran Duran, lets play.
Im raring for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im requesting the song Rio by Duran Duran.
Im stoked for Rio by Duran Duran, lets play.
Im thirsty for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Im wild about Rio by Duran Duran, lets play.
Im yearning for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Its time for Rio by Duran Duran, lets play it.
Kick off with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets bounce to Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets chill with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets get down to Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets get funky with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets get hyped with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets get lit with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets get this party started with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets hear Rio by the band Duran Duran.
Lets jam to Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets kick back with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets mellow out with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets relax with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets roll with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets unwind with Rio by Duran Duran.
Lets vibe to Rio by Duran Duran.
Play me Rio by Duran Duran, its my jam.
Play that Duran Duran banger, Rio, will ya?
Play that Duran Duran bop, Rio, for me.
Play that Duran Duran classic, Rio, please.
Play that Duran Duran hit, Rio, right now.
Play that Duran Duran masterpiece, Rio.
Play that Duran Duran tune, Rio, for us.
Play the Duran Duran song Rio for us.
Play the anthem Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play Rio, that track by Duran Duran.
Please play my favorite, Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play that Duran Duran hit, Rio.
Please play the epic Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play the iconic Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play the legendary Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play the unforgettable Rio by Duran Duran.
Resume playing with Rio by Duran Duran.
Spin Rio by Duran Duran, DJ.
Start playing Rio by Duran Duran, will you?
Would you mind playing Rio by Duran Duran?
Yo, can you play that song Rio from Duran Duran?Activate Duran Durans third track from Rio
Activate the eleventh track on Duran Durans Rio
Begin playing the seventh song on Rio by Duran Duran
Begin the eleventh song on Rio by Duran Duran
Begin the fourth track of Rio by the group Duran Duran
Begin the second track on Duran Durans Rio
Begin the twelfth track from Duran Durans album Rio
Commence playing track 5 of Rio by Duran Duran
Commence the second song on Rio by the band Duran Duran
Initiate playback of track 13 from Rio by Duran Duran
Initiate the seventh track on Duran Durans Rio
Launch the first track of Rio by the group Duran Duran
Launch track 8 from Rio by Duran Duran
Play Duran Durans Rio track number 3
Play Duran Durans song number 9 from their album Rio
Play song number 14 from Rio by Duran Duran
Play the eighteenth track on Rio by the band Duran Duran
Play the fourth song from the album Rio by Duran Duran
Play the nineteenth song on the album Rio by the artist Duran Duran
Play the ninth song from the album Rio by Duran Duran
Play the ninth track of Rio by the group Duran Duran
Play the seventeenth song from Duran Durans Rio
Play the sixteenth track of Rio by Duran Duran
Play the sixth track by Duran Duran on the album Rio
Play the tenth song on Rio by Duran Duran
Play the third track on Rio by Duran Duran
Play the twentieth track of Rio by Duran Duran
Play track 13 by Duran Duran from Rio
Play track 13 from the album Rio by Duran Duran
Play track 15 from the album Rio by the artist Duran Duran
Play track 5 from Duran Durans album Rio
Queue the fifteenth song of Rio by Duran Duran
Queue the sixteenth track on the album Rio by Duran Duran
Queue up Rios fifteenth track by Duran Duran
Queue up the first track of Rio by Duran Duran
Resume playback of the first track from Rio by Duran Duran
Resume playing the fourteenth song on Rio by Duran Duran
Resume playing the twelfth song from Rio by Duran Duran
Resume the fifth song from the album Rio by Duran Duran
Resume the nineteenth song from Rio by Duran Duran
Resume the second track from Rio by the artist Duran Duran
Resume the sixth track of Rio by the artist Duran Duran
Resume the twentieth track from Rio by Duran Duran
Start playing the fourth song on Duran Durans Rio
Start playing track number 7 by Duran Duran from the album Rio
Start playing track number 8 from Rio by Duran Duran
Start the eighteenth track of Rio by Duran Duran
Start the eleventh song on the album Rio by Duran Duran
Start the seventeenth song from the album Rio by Duran Duran
Start the tenth track on Duran Durans album RioBlast some Debussy for me, will you?
Can we get a taste of Debussy, please?
Can you bump some Debussy for us?
Can you throw on that Debussy piece?
Crank up a Debussy symphony, buddy!
Debussys the mood, lets hear it!
Debussys what I need, lets play it!
Fire up that Debussy album, homie!
Get that Debussy masterpiece playing, stat!
Hey, I need my Debussy fix, hit play!
Hey, Im down for some Debussy, spin it!
Hey, Im feeling Debussy, can we play it?
Hey, let Debussy take over, play some!
Hey, lets get lost in Debussys world!
Hey, lets hear some of that Debussy genius!
Hey, lets unwind with some Debussy!
Hey, serve up some Debussy melodies!
Hey, spin that Debussy track for me!
I need to chill with some Debussy, play it!
I wanna drown in Debussys notes, play it!
I wanna get lost in Debussys music, play!
I wanna soak in Debussys tunes, play!
Im all ears for Debussy, start the music!
Im all for Debussy, get it playing!
Im craving that Debussy sound, play it!
Im dying to hear Debussy, make it happen!
Im fiending for some Debussy, play that!
Im here for Debussy, lets hear it!
Im in the mood for Debussy, hit play!
Im itching for some Debussy, start it up!
Im jonesing for Debussy, can you play it?
Im thinking Debussy, you ready to play?
Lets blast off with some Debussy, DJ!
Lets get some Debussy music going!
Lets get that Debussy atmosphere, play!
Lets get those Debussy vibes, hit play!
Lets hear that classy Debussy stuff!
Lets lose ourselves in some Debussy, play!
Lets vibe to some Debussy, press play!
Play me some tunes by Debussy, will ya?
Play some of that fancy Debussy music!
Yo DJ, put on some Debussy vibes!
Yo, I wanna hear some Debussy man!
Yo, Im all about that Debussy life, spin it!
Yo, Im in the zone for Debussy, play it!
Yo, Im ready for Debussy, lets go!
Yo, cue up some Debussy magic!
Yo, drop a Debussy beat!
Yo, lets get that Debussy serenade going!
Yo, lets roll with some Debussy tunes!