Blast Rio by Duran Duran, it's a classic.
Can we chill to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we get Rio by Duran Duran going?
Can we get a bit of Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we groove to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we kick back with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we kick it with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we vibe to Rio by Duran Duran right now?
Can you drop Rio by Duran Duran next?
Can you play Rio by Duran Duran? It's a fave.
Can you play Rio? Duran Duran's track?
Can you play Rio? You know, by Duran Duran.
Can you play that Duran Duran song, Rio?
Can you queue up Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you slide Rio by Duran Duran into the mix?
Can you spin Rio by Duran Duran for us?
Can you spin that track Rio by Duran Duran?
Could you start playing Rio by Duran Duran for me?
Crank up Rio by Duran Duran, let's go!
Duran Duran's Rio is a vibe, play that.
Duran Duran's Rio would be perfect, play that.
Fancy playing Rio by Duran Duran?
Feeling like some Duran Duran, play Rio for us.
Fire up Rio by Duran Duran on the stereo.
Get Rio by Duran Duran on the speakers, please.
Hey DJ, put on Rio by Duran Duran.
Hey, let's listen to Rio by the band Duran Duran.
Hit me with that Rio song by Duran Duran.
How about we listen to Rio by Duran Duran?
I need some Duran Duran, get Rio on.
I wanna hear Rio by Duran Duran, hit play please.
I wanna jam to Rio by Duran Duran, please.
I'd dig hearing Rio by Duran Duran now.
I'd like to hear Rio by Duran Duran, hit play.
I'd like to hear Rio by Duran Duran, please.
I'd love to hear Rio, that Duran Duran hit, please.
I'm all about Rio by Duran Duran, let's play.
I'm all for Rio by Duran Duran, let's play it.
I'm craving that Duran Duran song, Rio.
I'm craving that song Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm down for some Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm down to listen to Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm feeling Rio by Duran Duran, let's play that.
I'm feeling Rio by Duran Duran, play that tune.
I'm in for Rio by Duran Duran, spin it.
I'm in the mood for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm in the mood for Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm in the mood to play Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm in the zone for Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm itching for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm jonesing for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm keen on hearing Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm keen to hear Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm requesting Rio by Duran Duran, please.
I'm thinking Rio by Duran Duran, hit play.
Let's blast Rio by Duran Duran, it's a classic.
Let's blast Rio by Duran Duran, it's dope.
Let's bump Rio by Duran Duran, it's lit.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran bumping.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on deck.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on the airwaves.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on the playlist.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on the queue.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on the speakers.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on the system.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on the turntable.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran playing, pronto.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran pumping.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran streaming, it's lit.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran streaming.
Let's get that Rio track by Duran Duran playing.
Let's groove to Rio by Duran Duran, shall we?
Let's hear that Duran Duran number, Rio.
Let's kick it with Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
Let's pump up Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's queue Rio by Duran Duran, it's fire.
Let's rock out to Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's rock to Rio by Duran Duran, hit it.
Let's roll with Rio by Duran Duran, okay?
Let's turn up Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's turn up with Rio by Duran Duran.
Play Duran Duran's Rio, it's a banger.
Play Duran Duran's Rio, it's a jam.
Play Duran Duran's Rio, it's a vibe.
Play Duran Duran's track Rio, it slaps.
Play Rio by Duran Duran, it's my jam.
Play Rio by Duran Duran, it's my vibe.
Play something cool, like Rio by Duran Duran.
Play that Duran Duran anthem, Rio, yeah?
Play that Duran Duran hit, Rio, will you?
Play that Duran Duran track, Rio, you know?
Play that cool song Rio by Duran Duran.
Play the banger Rio by Duran Duran, please.
Play the classic Rio by Duran Duran, thanks.
Play the hit Rio by Duran Duran, it's timeless.
Play the song Rio, by those Duran Duran guys.
Play the tune Rio by Duran Duran, it's a hit.
Please play the track Rio by Duran Duran
Put on Rio by Duran Duran, it's a bop.
Resume with Rio by Duran Duran, will ya?
Spin that track Rio by Duran Duran, would you?
Start the jam Rio by Duran Duran, will you?
Yo, can you throw on that song Rio from Duran Duran?