Can I hear a piece from the 'Nutcracker' by Tchaikovsky?
Can we get some hip-hop tunes going?
Can we get some reggae music playing?
Can we hear some tracks from Adele's latest album?
Can we hear the genre of classic rock?
Can we listen to 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd?
Can we listen to Beethoven's 5th Symphony next?
Can we listen to Beethoven's 5th Symphony?
Can we listen to Beethoven's symphonies?
Can we listen to a few pieces from Chopin on the piano?
Can we listen to a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar?
Can we listen to a piece by Vivaldi?
Can we listen to a song by Ed Sheeran?
Can we listen to a track by Adele next?
Can we listen to a track from Pink Floyd's The Wall?
Can we listen to a track from the 'A Night at the Opera' album by Queen?
Can we listen to a track from the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince?
Can we listen to an indie track by Arctic Monkeys?
Can we listen to some classic rock music?
Can we listen to some classical compositions by Mozart?
Can we listen to some energetic rock music right now?
Can we listen to some hip-hop, maybe something from Kendrick Lamar?
Can we listen to some live performances by the artist Prince?
Can we listen to some of Chopin's nocturnes?
Can we listen to some reggae music?
Can we listen to some reggae? Put on a song by Bob Marley.
Can we listen to some smooth jazz right now?
Can we listen to the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles?
Can we listen to the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Can we listen to the 'Hamilton' soundtrack in here?
Can we listen to the 'Hamilton' soundtrack?
Can we listen to the Hamilton soundtrack?
Can we listen to the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can we listen to the artist Adele's latest album?
Can we listen to the soundtrack from the movie The Greatest Showman?
Can you play 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Can you play 'Clair de Lune' by Debussy?
Can you play 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd in its entirety?
Can you play 'Hallelujah' by Leonard Cohen?
Can you play 'Hotel California' by The Eagles?
Can you play 'Kind Of Blue' by Miles Davis?
Can you play 'Purple Rain' by Prince?
Can you play 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band' by The Beatles?
Can you play 'Shape of You' by Ed Sheeran?
Can you play 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin?
Can you play 'The Four Seasons' by Vivaldi?
Can you play 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson? I want to dance!
Can you play Mozart's Requiem?
Can you play Vivaldi's 'Four Seasons' violin concertos?
Can you play Vivaldi's Four Seasons by Itzhak Perlman?
Can you play a ballad by Elton John?
Can you play a blues track by B.B. King?
Can you play a classical composition by Chopin?
Can you play a classical piece by Mozart from his Requiem?
Can you play a classical piece by Mozart?
Can you play a classical piece, preferably a concerto by Vivaldi?
Can you play a composition by Chopin?
Can you play a composition from Chopin's Nocturnes?
Can you play a country song by Johnny Cash, it would be heartwarming.
Can you play a country track by Johnny Cash?
Can you play a country tune for me?
Can you play a couple of songs from the artist Taylor Swift?
Can you play a couple of tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'?
Can you play a few of Debussy's piano etudes?
Can you play a few of the greatest country music hits?
Can you play a few songs by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you play a few songs from the genre of folk music?
Can you play a few tracks by the composer John Williams?
Can you play a few tracks from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana?
Can you play a few tracks from the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince?
Can you play a few tracks from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a few tracks from the genre of blues?
Can you play a few tracks from the genre of rock?
Can you play a folk song by Bob Dylan?
Can you play a folk tune by Bob Dylan?
Can you play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamar's DAMN. album?
Can you play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamar's DAMN.?
Can you play a hip-hop track?
Can you play a hit from the '80s by Madonna?
Can you play a hit from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play a jazz piece from Miles Davis's Kind of Blue?
Can you play a jazz track for me?
Can you play a metal song by Metallica?
Can you play a metal track from Metallica's Master of Puppets?
Can you play a number from the soundtrack of The Lion King?
Can you play a piece by Debussy, it would be so calming.
Can you play a piece by Debussy? I find his music quite soothing.
Can you play a piece by Mozart from his Requiem Mass?
Can you play a piece by the composer Debussy?
Can you play a piece from Mozart's operas?
Can you play a piece from Schubert's Winterreise?
Can you play a piece from Vivaldi's 'Four Seasons'?
Can you play a piece of electronic music by Daft Punk?
Can you play a pop album?
Can you play a pop song by Adele?
Can you play a pop song by Lady Gaga?
Can you play a pop song from the 80s?
Can you play a punk rock album? Maybe something by The Ramones.
Can you play a punk rock song by The Ramones?
Can you play a punk rock track by The Ramones?
Can you play a reggae song by Bob Marley?
Can you play a reggae song for our beach party?
Can you play a reggae song, maybe something by Bob Marley, whenever?
Can you play a reggae tune from Bob Marley's Legend album?
Can you play a salsa tune by Celia Cruz?
Can you play a selection from Vivaldi's Four Seasons?
Can you play a selection of Chopin's nocturnes?
Can you play a selection of hip-hop tracks from the early 2000s?
Can you play a selection of salsa music by Celia Cruz?
Can you play a selection of salsa music for our dance party?
Can you play a song by Bach, as a favor?
Can you play a song by Nirvana, something from Nevermind?
Can you play a song by The Beatles for me?
Can you play a song by The Beatles from the album Abbey Road?
Can you play a song by The Beatles?
Can you play a song by The Beatles? It would be great.
Can you play a song by The Weeknd? His music is great.
Can you play a song by the artist Taylor Swift?
Can you play a song from 'The Eminem Show' album?
Can you play a song from Metallica's Black Album?
Can you play a song from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play a song from the Beatles' Abbey Road album?
Can you play a song from the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play a song from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a song from the artist Billie Eilish's debut album?
Can you play a song from the genre of blues by B.B. King, it would be so nice.
Can you play a song from the metal band Metallica's Black Album?
Can you play a song from the musical Hamilton?
Can you play a song from the soundtrack of 'The Lion King'?
Can you play a track by Adele from her '21' album?
Can you play a track by Bach, please?
Can you play a track by Bach? It would be a treat.
Can you play a track by Beethoven's Symphony No. 5?
Can you play a track by Lady Gaga?
Can you play a track by Mozart from his Requiem Mass?
Can you play a track by The Beatles?
Can you play a track by the artist Adele?
Can you play a track from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'?
Can you play a track from Bach's Notebook for Wilhelm Friedemann Bach?
Can you play a track from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9?
Can you play a track from The Beatles' Abbey Road album?
Can you play a track from the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Can you play a track from the 'Born to Die' album?
Can you play a track from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd?
Can you play a track from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack?
Can you play a track from the 'La La Land' soundtrack? I adore that movie.
Can you play a track from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a track from the album Random Access Memories by Daft Punk?
Can you play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play a track from the artist Adele?
Can you play a track from the artist Billie Eilish?
Can you play a track from the indie artist Sufjan Stevens?
Can you play a track that's trending in hip hop right now?
Can you play a tune by Taylor Swift? It would be so enjoyable.
Can you play a tune from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar?
Can you play an R&B track from Beyoncé's Lemonade?
Can you play an electronic track by Daft Punk?
Can you play electronic dance music by Daft Punk?
Can you play some Beethoven symphonies?
Can you play some ambient music to help me sleep?
Can you play some blues music?
Can you play some chill electronic music?
Can you play some country music hits from this decade?
Can you play some country music, maybe a song by Johnny Cash?
Can you play some electronic dance music for our party?
Can you play some electronic dance music to get the party started?
Can you play some electronic dance music?
Can you play some electronic music, maybe something by Daft Punk?
Can you play some electronic music, perhaps a track by Daft Punk?
Can you play some energetic workout hip-hop tracks?
Can you play some energetic workout music?
Can you play some music from the baroque period?
Can you play some of the best compositions by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play some of the iconic songs by Elvis Presley?
Can you play some old school rap by Tupac Shakur?
Can you play some reggae from Bob Marley?
Can you play some reggae hits by Bob Marley?
Can you play some reggae music from Bob Marley's collection?
Can you play some reggae music, maybe something by Bob Marley?
Can you play some reggae music?
Can you play some reggae to lighten the mood?
Can you play some relaxing ambient music?
Can you play some salsa music, perhaps something by Celia Cruz?
Can you play some smooth jazz instrumentals?
Can you play some songs from the 'Hamilton' musical?
Can you play some tracks by the artist Drake?
Can you play some tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran for us?
Can you play some tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you play some tracks from The Beatles' Abbey Road album?
Can you play some tracks from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you play some tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play some upbeat pop music to lift the mood?
Can you play some upbeat pop music?
Can you play something by Beethoven?
Can you play something by The Beatles for me?
Can you play something by The Beatles?
Can you play something from the Beatles' Abbey Road album?
Can you play something from the artist Adele?
Can you play something from the artist Billie Eilish?
Can you play something upbeat? Maybe 'Uptown Funk' by Bruno Mars?
Can you play songs from the artist Adele?
Can you play the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Can you play the 'Blue' album by Joni Mitchell?
Can you play the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd?
Can you play the 'Four Seasons' by Vivaldi?
Can you play the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording?
Can you play the 'Moana' soundtrack?
Can you play the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana?
Can you play the 'Nutcracker Suite' by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play the 'Nutcracker' suite by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince?
Can you play the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac in its entirety?
Can you play the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson?
Can you play the Nutcracker Suite by Tchaikovsky?
Can you play the album '1989' by Taylor Swift?
Can you play the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd?
Can you play the album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis?
Can you play the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you play the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey?
Can you play the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen?
Can you play the album Nevermind by Nirvana?
Can you play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you play the best compositions by Chopin?
Can you play the complete works of Chopin?
Can you play the genre blues, something from B.B. King?
Can you play the greatest hits from Madonna?
Can you play the greatest hits of Queen?
Can you play the latest album by Adele?
Can you play the latest album by Coldplay?
Can you play the latest album by Taylor Swift?
Can you play the latest hip-hop album by Kendrick Lamar?
Can you play the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Can you play the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Can you play the soundtrack from 'The Lord of the Rings'?
Can you play the soundtrack from the movie 'The Godfather'?
Can you play the soundtrack from the movie Inception?
Can you play the soundtrack from the movie The Lion King?
Can you put on 'Hotel California' by The Eagles?
Can you put on 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin? It would be epic.
Can you put on 'The Dark Side of the Moon' from Pink Floyd?
Can you put on a classical piece by Debussy?
Can you put on a couple of Chopin's nocturnes?
Can you put on a jazz album by Miles Davis?
Can you put on a piece by Beethoven?
Can you put on a punk rock song by The Ramones?
Can you put on a punk rock song from Green Day's American Idiot album?
Can you put on a punk rock track from The Clash's London Calling?
Can you put on a reggae song by Bob Marley?
Can you put on a reggae track from Bob Marley's Exodus?
Can you put on a rock album by The Beatles? I love their music.
Can you put on a rock album from the 80s?
Can you put on a rock song by Queen now?
Can you put on a rock track from the 'Nevermind' album?
Can you put on a song from the 'A Night at the Opera' album?
Can you put on a song from the indie album In the Aeroplane Over the Sea by Neutral Milk Hotel?
Can you put on a track from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you put on a track from the album To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar?
Can you put on a track from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk?
Can you put on some ambient music by Brian Eno?
Can you put on some classic rock from the 70s?
Can you put on some classic rock tunes? It would really set the mood.
Can you put on some classical music from Beethoven's collection?
Can you put on some classical music, maybe a symphony by Brahms?
Can you put on some classical piano pieces by Chopin?
Can you put on some hip-hop to get the party started?
Can you put on some music by Adele?
Can you put on some music by Adele? Her voice is amazing.
Can you put on some reggae from Bob Marley?
Can you put on some reggae music by Bob Marley?
Can you put on some reggae music?
Can you put on some smooth jazz music for us?
Can you put on some smooth jazz?
Can you put on the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Can you put on the 'Hamilton' soundtrack?
Can you put on the 'Kind of Blue' album by Miles Davis?
Can you put on the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles?
Can you put on the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you put on the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson? It's my favorite.
Can you put on the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis?
Can you put on the jazz album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis?
Can you put on the latest album by Taylor Swift?
Can you put on the track Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin?
Can you queue up some blues music by B.B. King?
Can you queue up the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle and play a few songs from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle and play tracks from the artist Adele?
Can you shuffle play songs by Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle play tracks by the Beatles?
Can you shuffle some classic rock songs for me?
Can you shuffle some electronic dance music tracks?
Can you shuffle some indie folk music?
Can you shuffle some reggae music by Bob Marley?
Can you shuffle some reggae music for us?
Can you shuffle some songs from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle some songs from the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle some tracks from the R&B genre?
Can you shuffle some tracks from the artist Prince?
Can you shuffle some tracks from the rock band Queen?
Can you shuffle songs by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Adele?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Billie Eilish?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Ed Sheeran for us?
Can you shuffle songs by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle songs from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle songs from the album Nevermind by Nirvana?
Can you shuffle songs from the artist Adele?
Can you shuffle songs from the artist Billie Holiday?
Can you shuffle songs from the artist Taylor Swift?
Can you shuffle songs from the genre of classic rock?
Can you shuffle songs from the jazz genre?
Can you shuffle the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you shuffle the songs by Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle through some songs by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle through some songs from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles?
Can you shuffle tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran?
Can you shuffle tracks from the blues genre?
Can you shuffle tracks from the genre of classical music?
Can you start playing 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Can you start playing a composition from Mozart's Requiem?
Can you start playing songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you start playing the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Can you start playing the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles?
Can you start playing the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Could we listen to a blues track by B.B. King?
Could we listen to a track by Ed Sheeran next?
Could we listen to some classical music by Mozart?
Could we listen to some of Bach's chorales?
Could you do me a favor and play some music by Bach?
Could you play 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Could you play 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd?
Could you play 'Hallelujah' by Leonard Cohen?
Could you play 'Hotel California' by The Eagles?
Could you play 'Nocturnes' by Chopin for me?
Could you play 'Ride of the Valkyries' by Wagner?
Could you play 'Shape of You' by Ed Sheeran?
Could you play 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin?
Could you play Beethoven's 9th Symphony?
Could you play Beethoven's symphonies? I need some classical tunes.
Could you play Chopin's nocturnes?
Could you play Vivaldi's Four Seasons concertos?
Could you play a Mozart symphony? That would be delightful.
Could you play a blues album, maybe something by B.B. King?
Could you play a blues number by B.B. King?
Could you play a blues track by B.B. King?
Could you play a blues track by B.B. King? It would be soulful.
Could you play a classical piece from Schubert's Winterreise?
Could you play a composition by Chopin? It would be soothing.
Could you play a country music track?
Could you play a country song by Johnny Cash?
Could you play a country song for me?
Could you play a country song from Johnny Cash's discography?
Could you play a few hip-hop tracks?
Could you play a few jazz tracks for me?
Could you play a few pieces composed by Beethoven?
Could you play a few songs by the artist Adele?
Could you play a few songs composed by Chopin?
Could you play a few songs from the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Could you play a few songs written by Dolly Parton?
Could you play a few tracks by the Beatles?
Could you play a few tracks from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9?
Could you play a few tracks from Beethoven's symphonies?
Could you play a few tracks from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you play a few tracks from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play a folk song by Bob Dylan?
Could you play a folk tune from Bob Dylan's Highway 61 Revisited?
Could you play a funk song by James Brown?
Could you play a hip-hop song by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar, whenever you're ready?
Could you play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you play a hit from Madonna's Like a Virgin album?
Could you play a hit from the 'Abbey Road' album by the Beatles?
Could you play a hit from the pop album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play a hit from the rap album The Marshall Mathers LP by Eminem?
Could you play a jazz track for me?
Could you play a jazz tune as soon as possible?
Could you play a jazz tune? That would be nice.
Could you play a live album by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play a metal song by Metallica, it would be thrilling.
Could you play a mix of electronic dance music tracks?
Could you play a number from the Beatles' White Album?
Could you play a piece by Chopin?
Could you play a piece by Vivaldi, I love his compositions.
Could you play a piece by Vivaldi? His concertos are wonderful.
Could you play a piece by the composer Debussy?
Could you play a piece by the composer Vivaldi?
Could you play a piece composed by Chopin?
Could you play a piece from Bach's Peasant Cantata?
Could you play a piece from Debussy's Suite Bergamasque?
Could you play a piece from Vivaldi's Four Seasons?
Could you play a playlist of lo-fi beats to relax to?
Could you play a pop song by Ariana Grande?
Could you play a pop song by Lady Gaga?
Could you play a pop song from Taylor Swift's 1989 album?
Could you play a pop song from the '80s?
Could you play a pop song? Perhaps by Ariana Grande?
Could you play a punk rock song by The Ramones?
Could you play a punk rock song to energize me?
Could you play a punk rock track by The Ramones, it would be a blast.
Could you play a rap song by Tupac Shakur?
Could you play a reggae playlist, something like Bob Marley?
Could you play a reggae song by Bob Marley from the album Exodus?
Could you play a reggae song by Bob Marley? It's relaxing.
Could you play a reggae song from Bob Marley's Legend compilation?
Could you play a rock song from Queen's A Night at the Opera?
Could you play a selection of Chopin's nocturnes?
Could you play a selection of Vivaldi's baroque compositions?
Could you play a selection of reggae tunes?
Could you play a song by Ed Sheeran for my relaxation?
Could you play a song by The Beatles for me?
Could you play a song by The Beatles from the album Abbey Road?
Could you play a song by The Beatles, it would be fantastic, thank you.
Could you play a song by The Beatles?
Could you play a song by The Beatles? It would be great.
Could you play a song from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play a song from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd?
Could you play a song from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack?
Could you play a song from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Could you play a song from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play a song from the artist Taylor Swift?
Could you play a song from the baroque period?
Could you play a symphony by Mozart?
Could you play a track by Bach? I'm in the mood for his music.
Could you play a track by Mozart? I enjoy his symphonies.
Could you play a track from Bach's Musicalisches Opfer?
Could you play a track from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9?
Could you play a track from Brahms's Hungarian Dances?
Could you play a track from the 'Back in Black' album by AC/DC?
Could you play a track from the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Could you play a track from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd?
Could you play a track from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play a track from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Could you play a track from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play a track from the artist Adele?
Could you play a track from the jazz genre by Miles Davis?
Could you play an electronic tune by Daft Punk?
Could you play some ambient music for studying?
Could you play some ambient music to help me relax?
Could you play some ambient music to relax to?
Could you play some classic rock music for us?
Could you play some classic rock music from the 70s?
Could you play some classic rock music?
Could you play some country music by Johnny Cash?
Could you play some electronic dance music?
Could you play some electronic music by Daft Punk?
Could you play some hip-hop beats?
Could you play some hip-hop to liven things up?
Could you play some hip-hop tracks by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you play some jazz music for me?
Could you play some music from the baroque period?
Could you play some of Bach's Brandenburg Concertos for me?
Could you play some of Bach's Brandenburg Concertos?
Could you play some of Bach's trio sonatas?
Could you play some of the popular tracks from 'The Greatest Showman' soundtrack?
Could you play some reggae music by Bob Marley?
Could you play some reggae music for us?
Could you play some reggae music?
Could you play some reggae, like Bob Marley?
Could you play some relaxing classical music?
Could you play some tracks by The Beatles?
Could you play some tracks from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen?
Could you play some tracks from the genre of electronic dance music?
Could you play something by Beethoven? I'm in the mood for classical.
Could you play something by the Beatles for me?
Could you play something by the artist Adele?
Could you play something from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9?
Could you play something from the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Could you play something from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack?
Could you play something from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play something from the Baroque period, like Vivaldi?
Could you play something from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Could you play something from the baroque period?
Could you play something from the genre of blues?
Could you play the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles?
Could you play the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Could you play the 'Black Album' by Metallica? It would be awesome.
Could you play the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd?
Could you play the 'Four Seasons' violin concerto by Vivaldi?
Could you play the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis?
Could you play the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana?
Could you play the 'Nutcracker' suite by Tchaikovsky?
Could you play the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince?
Could you play the 'Rhapsody in Blue' by Gershwin?
Could you play the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson?
Could you play the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles for us?
Could you play the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson? That would be amazing.
Could you play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you play the artist Adele's latest singles?
Could you play the entire Dark Side of the Moon album?
Could you play the full album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac?
Could you play the genre of electronic dance music?
Could you play the genre of jazz for a while?
Could you play the genre of smooth jazz?
Could you play the greatest hits of the 90s?
Could you play the greatest hits of the Rolling Stones?
Could you play the latest album by Taylor Swift?
Could you play the latest tracks by Taylor Swift?
Could you play the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Could you play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen?
Could you play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen?
Could you play the soundtrack from the movie 'The Greatest Showman'?
Could you play the top country songs right now?
Could you play the top hits from the 1980s?
Could you play the top hits from the 80s genre?
Could you play the top songs by Ed Sheeran?
Could you play the top tracks from the artist Prince?
Could you play three pieces composed by Chopin?
Could you play tracks from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Could you please play the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles?
Could you put on 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Could you put on 'Requiem' composed by Mozart?
Could you put on 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Could you put on a blues track?
Could you put on a classical piece by Tchaikovsky?
Could you put on a composition by Chopin?
Could you put on a folk song from the 60s?
Could you put on a hip-hop song by Kendrick Lamar?
Could you put on a jazz piece by John Coltrane?
Could you put on a jazz piece by Miles Davis for me?
Could you put on a pop song by Madonna, it would really make my day.
Could you put on a pop song by Taylor Swift?
Could you put on a rock song by Led Zeppelin?
Could you put on a rock song from The Beatles' Abbey Road?
Could you put on a song from The Beatles' Abbey Road album?
Could you put on a song from the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band?
Could you put on a song from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd?
Could you put on a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you put on a track from Daft Punk's Random Access Memories?
Could you put on some baroque music?
Could you put on some classic rock music?
Could you put on some classical guitar pieces by Andrés Segovia?
Could you put on some music by Chopin?
Could you put on some of Vivaldi's violin concertos?
Could you put on some relaxing piano pieces by Ludovico Einaudi?
Could you put on some smooth jazz music?
Could you put on the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Could you put on the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording?
Could you put on the latest album by Adele for us?
Could you put on the latest album by Billie Eilish?
Could you put on the latest pop hits playlist?
Could you put on the latest tracks from Ed Sheeran?
Could you put on the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Could you put on the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen?
Could you put on the song Yesterday by The Beatles?
Could you queue up a few hip-hop songs for me?
Could you shuffle some classic rock hits for us?
Could you shuffle some tracks from Madonna's Like a Virgin?
Could you shuffle songs by the Beatles?
Could you shuffle songs from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album?
Could you shuffle songs from the artist Adele?
Could you shuffle songs from the artist Drake?
Could you shuffle through some classic rock tracks?
Could you start playing Beethoven's 5th Symphony?
Could you start playing Beethoven's symphonies?
Could you start playing some jazz classics by Miles Davis?
Could you start playing some jazz music?
Could you start playing some of Beethoven's symphonies?
Could you start playing some songs from the Beatles' Abbey Road album?
Could you start playing songs by Adele?
Could you start playing songs by the Beatles?
Could you start playing songs from the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Could you start playing songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Could you start playing the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd?
Could you start playing the album 'Goldberg Variations' by Bach?
Could you start playing the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Could you start playing the jazz album 'Kind of Blue'?
Could you start playing tracks from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson?
Get the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album going.
Get the party started with some electronic dance hits.
How about playing a track by Ed Sheeran? His songs are soothing.
How about playing a track from Taylor Swift's 'Folklore' album?
How about playing a track from the 'Rumours' album?
I fancy some old-school hip hop tunes, can you play that?
I feel like dancing, play a salsa track for me.
I feel like listening to 'Appetite for Destruction' by Guns N' Roses.
I feel like listening to 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
I feel like listening to Beethoven's symphonies, please play them.
I feel like listening to Beethoven, play his Symphony No. 5.
I feel like listening to a Chopin nocturne, please play it.
I feel like listening to a blues album, please play it.
I feel like listening to a blues album.
I feel like listening to a blues record, maybe B.B. King?
I feel like listening to a rap song by Eminem, please play one.
I feel like listening to a symphony by Mahler.
I feel like listening to jazz, play some John Coltrane.
I feel like listening to reggae from Bob Marley
I feel like listening to reggae, play a song by Bob Marley.
I feel like listening to reggae, play some Bob Marley.
I feel like listening to some classical music, play a piece by Tchaikovsky.
I feel like listening to some hip-hop, play 'To Pimp a Butterfly' by Kendrick Lamar.
I feel like listening to some reggae, can you play Bob Marley?
I feel like listening to some reggae, can you play that?
I feel like listening to some reggae, play a Marley song.
I feel like listening to some reggae, play a song by Bob Marley.
I feel like listening to the Beatles' White Album
I feel like listening to the Hamilton Original Broadway Cast Recording
I feel like listening to the album '1989' by Taylor Swift.
I want to explore folk music, can you play something by Simon & Garfunkel?
I want to explore some blues, play a track by B.B. King.
I want to hear 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen, can you put it on?
I want to hear 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen, play the song.
I want to hear 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
I want to hear 'Fearless' by Taylor Swift.
I want to hear 'Kind of Blue', can you put it on?
I want to hear 'London Calling' by The Clash.
I want to hear 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
I want to hear Beethoven's 5th Symphony.
I want to hear Chopin's Nocturnes played by Arthur Rubinstein
I want to hear Miles Davis' Kind of Blue album
I want to hear Yo-Yo Ma perform cello suites
I want to hear a folk song by Bob Dylan.
I want to hear a metal track from Metallica's Master of Puppets.
I want to hear a pop song from Taylor Swift's 1989.
I want to hear a pop song, just play any popular track.
I want to hear a reggae song by Bob Marley.
I want to hear a reggae song, please play it.
I want to hear a song from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
I want to hear a song from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear a song from the artist Adele.
I want to hear a song from the artist Billie Eilish.
I want to hear a song from the soundtrack of The Greatest Showman.
I want to hear a track by the composer Debussy.
I want to hear a track composed by Beethoven.
I want to hear a track from Nirvana's Nevermind album.
I want to hear a track from Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon.
I want to hear a track from the 'Born to Die' album by Lana Del Rey.
I want to hear a track from the 'Born to Run' album.
I want to hear a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear a track from the artist Elton John.
I want to hear a track from the electronic artist Deadmau5.
I want to hear live recordings of The Beatles
I want to hear live recordings of The Rolling Stones
I want to hear some country music from Johnny Cash.
I want to hear some folk music, how about a song by Bob Dylan?
I want to hear some live recordings of The Beatles.
I want to hear something by Beethoven, start playing.
I want to hear the 'Back in Black' album by AC/DC.
I want to hear the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
I want to hear the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
I want to hear the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
I want to hear the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
I want to hear the Brandenburg Concertos by Bach
I want to hear the album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis.
I want to hear the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
I want to hear the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to hear the artist Billie Eilish's newest album
I want to hear the greatest hits from the 80s.
I want to hear the greatest hits from the artist Prince.
I want to hear the greatest hits of Elton John
I want to hear the greatest hits of The Beatles.
I want to hear the greatest hits of the 80s
I want to hear the greatest hits of the 80s.
I want to hear the latest album by Taylor Swift.
I want to hear the latest hip-hop releases, play them for me.
I want to hear the latest pop hits
I want to hear the latest pop hits playlist.
I want to hear the latest songs by Adele, could you play them?
I want to hear the latest tracks from Billie Eilish, please play them.
I want to hear the most popular K-pop songs, please play them.
I want to hear the most popular K-pop songs.
I want to hear the soundtrack from The Lord of the Rings
I want to listen to Beethoven's 9th Symphony, could you put it on?
I want to listen to Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
I want to listen to Chopin's Nocturnes.
I want to listen to Chopin's nocturnes for piano.
I want to listen to a composition by Beethoven.
I want to listen to a country album, play something from Johnny Cash.
I want to listen to a couple of songs from 'Abbey Road' right now.
I want to listen to a couple of songs from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack.
I want to listen to a few indie songs by The National.
I want to listen to a few songs from the genre of blues.
I want to listen to a piece from the folk album by Simon & Garfunkel.
I want to listen to a piece from the indie band Arctic Monkeys.
I want to listen to a rock album by The Beatles.
I want to listen to a song by the composer Chopin.
I want to listen to a song from Lana Del Rey's Born to Die album.
I want to listen to a song from the Hamilton musical soundtrack.
I want to listen to a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
I want to listen to a song from the pop genre by Taylor Swift.
I want to listen to a song from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
I want to listen to a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
I want to listen to a track by Nirvana, surprise me with the album.
I want to listen to a track by The Beatles, any album will do.
I want to listen to a track by the artist Billie Eilish.
I want to listen to a track from Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Adele's latest album.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Adele.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Ed Sheeran, surprise me.
I want to listen to a track from the artist Sia's album Chandelier.
I want to listen to a track from the genre of classic rock by Queen.
I want to listen to a track from the genre of rock by The Rolling Stones.
I want to listen to a track from the rock band Queen.
I want to listen to a track from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
I want to listen to an electronic dance music track.
I want to listen to an indie album, surprise me with your choice.
I want to listen to some blues, play a mix.
I want to listen to some classic rock from the '70s.
I want to listen to some classic rock from the 70s.
I want to listen to some classic rock, play a track for me.
I want to listen to some classical music by Mozart.
I want to listen to some classical music from Vivaldi's The Four Seasons.
I want to listen to some country music hits.
I want to listen to some hip-hop tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
I want to listen to some indie folk songs, could you put on a playlist?
I want to listen to some indie music, play a song by Arctic Monkeys.
I want to listen to some reggae tunes by Bob Marley.
I want to listen to some reggae, play Bob Marley.
I want to listen to some songs by Adele, please start playing.
I want to listen to something by Beethoven, start playing it.
I want to listen to the 'A Night at the Opera' album by Queen.
I want to listen to the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
I want to listen to the 'Black Album' by Metallica, please play it.
I want to listen to the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
I want to listen to the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd.
I want to listen to the 'Game of Thrones' soundtrack.
I want to listen to the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
I want to listen to the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
I want to listen to the Beatles' 'Abbey Road', could you play it?
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica, please play it.
I want to listen to the Black Album by Metallica.
I want to listen to the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles.
I want to listen to the album 'Nevermind' by Nirvana.
I want to listen to the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
I want to listen to the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I want to listen to the greatest hits of Elton John.
I want to listen to the latest pop songs by Ariana Grande.
I want to listen to the rock band Queen's greatest hits.
I want to listen to the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
I want to listen to the top 10 pop songs of this month.
I want to relax to some ambient music by Brian Eno.
I want to relax to some ambient music, can you play that?
I want to relax, play some ambient music tracks.
I want to relax, play the 'Chill' playlist.
I would like to hear a song by the Beatles.
I'd appreciate hearing some of Bach's music, could you play it?
I'd appreciate if you could play a country track by Johnny Cash.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a blues number by B.B. King.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a jazz track.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a metal album.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a pop song by Taylor Swift.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a pop song from the 90s when you get a chance.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a reggae tune by Bob Marley, it would be chill.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a song by Adele.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
I'd appreciate it if you could play a track by Ed Sheeran.
I'd appreciate it if you could play some blues from B.B. King's discography.
I'd appreciate it if you could play some blues music.
I'd appreciate it if you could play some classic blues albums.
I'd appreciate it if you could play some of Chopin's nocturnes.
I'd appreciate it if you could play some songs from Adele.
I'd appreciate it if you could play the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
I'd appreciate it if you could play the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
I'd be delighted if you could play a country song.
I'd be delighted to hear a track by the artist Billie Eilish.
I'd be delighted to hear some blues, could you play that?
I'd be delighted to hear some of Adele's hits.
I'd be delighted to hear some of Chopin's nocturnes.
I'd be grateful if you could play an electronic track by Daft Punk, it would be energizing.
I'd be happy if you could play 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band' by The Beatles.
I'd be happy if you could play a piece by Bach.
I'd be happy if you could play a pop genre song.
I'd be happy to hear a track from the album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis, can you play it?
I'd be happy to hear some of Mozart's piano concertos.
I'd be happy to listen to some electronic dance music.
I'd be pleased if you could play some of Bach's harpsichord music.
I'd be thankful if you could play a song by Adele.
I'd be thankful if you could play some folk music.
I'd be thrilled if you could play 'The Four Seasons' by Vivaldi.
I'd be thrilled to hear some of The Beatles' greatest hits.
I'd enjoy a couple of tracks by Ed Sheeran, can you play them?
I'd enjoy a piece by Bach, please play one.
I'd enjoy a piece from Vivaldi's 'Four Seasons'.
I'd enjoy a piece from Vivaldi.
I'd enjoy a piece from the 'A Love Supreme' album by John Coltrane, please play it.
I'd enjoy a song from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
I'd enjoy a track from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd.
I'd enjoy hearing a track by Bach, please play one.
I'd enjoy hearing a track from the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince.
I'd enjoy hearing some of Chopin's nocturnes, would you play them?
I'd enjoy hearing the complete 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson.
I'd enjoy listening to the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
I'd enjoy some country music, please play a track by Johnny Cash.
I'd enjoy some country tunes, please play them.
I'd enjoy some live jazz music, please play a live album.
I'd enjoy some reggae music, can you play a Bob Marley song?
I'd enjoy some tracks from Pink Floyd's 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
I'd enjoy some tracks from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
I'd enjoy some tracks from the genre of reggae.
I'd enjoy some tunes from the artist Ed Sheeran.
I'd like a reggae song from Bob Marley's Legend album.
I'd like an electronic song from Daft Punk's Discovery album.
I'd like to explore some indie music, can you play a selection?
I'd like to explore songs from the grunge genre.
I'd like to hear 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen now.
I'd like to hear 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen, please play that song.
I'd like to hear 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to hear 'Dark Side of the Moon' from Pink Floyd now.
I'd like to hear 'Hotel California' by The Eagles, can you play it?
I'd like to hear 'Hotel California' by the Eagles.
I'd like to hear 'In The End' by Linkin Park.
I'd like to hear 'Kind Of Blue', an album by Miles Davis.
I'd like to hear 'Nocturnes' by Chopin.
I'd like to hear 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin, please play it.
I'd like to hear Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
I'd like to hear Hotel California, it's by the Eagles, right?
I'd like to hear a composition by Beethoven, perhaps something from his Symphony No. 9.
I'd like to hear a composition by Mozart, please.
I'd like to hear a composition from Mozart's Requiem.
I'd like to hear a country genre track.
I'd like to hear a country song from Johnny Cash's American IV album.
I'd like to hear a country song, play it when you can.
I'd like to hear a country tune by Johnny Cash from his American IV album.
I'd like to hear a couple of Chopin's nocturnes, could you play them?
I'd like to hear a couple of pieces from Beethoven's 9th Symphony.
I'd like to hear a couple of songs by the Rolling Stones, please.
I'd like to hear a couple of songs from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I'd like to hear a couple of tracks from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
I'd like to hear a few pieces by Bach, can you play them?
I'd like to hear a few pieces composed by Beethoven, please.
I'd like to hear a few songs by the artist Adele.
I'd like to hear a few tracks by the artist Sia.
I'd like to hear a folk song by Bob Dylan, please.
I'd like to hear a folk song by Bob Dylan.
I'd like to hear a folk song, please start playing it.
I'd like to hear a folk song.
I'd like to hear a jazz piece by Miles Davis, please.
I'd like to hear a jazz piece, can you play one?
I'd like to hear a jazz track, please.
I'd like to hear a metal album by Metallica right now.
I'd like to hear a metal song, play it whenever you can.
I'd like to hear a metal track by Iron Maiden.
I'd like to hear a number from Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
I'd like to hear a number of indie folk songs by Bon Iver.
I'd like to hear a piece by Beethoven from his Symphony No. 9.
I'd like to hear a piece by Beethoven, if you don't mind.
I'd like to hear a piece by Vivaldi, if you would, it would be delightful.
I'd like to hear a piece by the composer John Williams.
I'd like to hear a piece from Debussy, something impressionistic like Clair de Lune.
I'd like to hear a piece from Vivaldi's Four Seasons, can you play it?
I'd like to hear a piece from Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
I'd like to hear a piece from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk.
I'd like to hear a pop song, maybe something by Taylor Swift.
I'd like to hear a salsa track from Celia Cruz's album Azucar Negra.
I'd like to hear a song by Adele from her 21 album.
I'd like to hear a song by Adele, please.
I'd like to hear a song by Billie Eilish, if you don't mind.
I'd like to hear a song by Coldplay while I work.
I'd like to hear a song by Lady Gaga, please.
I'd like to hear a song by The Beatles, start playing it now.
I'd like to hear a song by the artist Drake.
I'd like to hear a song from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
I'd like to hear a song from 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
I'd like to hear a song from the 'A Night at the Opera' album.
I'd like to hear a song from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
I'd like to hear a song from the 'Hamilton' musical soundtrack.
I'd like to hear a song from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I'd like to hear a song from the artist Adele's latest album.
I'd like to hear a song from the genre of reggae.
I'd like to hear a song from the soundtrack of 'The Greatest Showman'.
I'd like to hear a soul track from Aretha Franklin's I Never Loved a Man.
I'd like to hear a track by Ed Sheeran, can you do that?
I'd like to hear a track by Madonna.
I'd like to hear a track by the Rolling Stones, if you may.
I'd like to hear a track by the artist Adele.
I'd like to hear a track from Adele's latest album, please.
I'd like to hear a track from the 'A Star Is Born' soundtrack.
I'd like to hear a track from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
I'd like to hear a track from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to hear a track from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
I'd like to hear a track from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
I'd like to hear a track from the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson.
I'd like to hear a track from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to hear a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
I'd like to hear a track from the artist Adele.
I'd like to hear a track from the country singer Johnny Cash.
I'd like to hear a track from the genre of electronic music.
I'd like to hear a track from the genre of reggae by Bob Marley.
I'd like to hear a track from the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
I'd like to hear a track that features some electronic beats.
I'd like to hear a tune from Adele's latest album.
I'd like to hear an electronic dance music track by Daft Punk.
I'd like to hear an electronic track by Daft Punk.
I'd like to hear live performances, play some of Eric Clapton's live albums.
I'd like to hear live recordings from the artist John Mayer.
I'd like to hear live recordings of Eric Clapton's concerts.
I'd like to hear live recordings of The Rolling Stones, please play them.
I'd like to hear some blues, could you play a track?
I'd like to hear some classic rock, can you play it?
I'd like to hear some country music from Johnny Cash.
I'd like to hear some country music, maybe a track by Johnny Cash?
I'd like to hear some country music, maybe something from Johnny Cash?
I'd like to hear some country music, play a song by Johnny Cash.
I'd like to hear some electronic music, play a track by Daft Punk.
I'd like to hear some hip-hop, can you play a track by Kendrick Lamar?
I'd like to hear some indie folk, play 'Fleet Foxes'.
I'd like to hear some indie rock from The Strokes.
I'd like to hear some jazz from John Coltrane.
I'd like to hear some jazz music from Miles Davis.
I'd like to hear some live performances by Adele.
I'd like to hear some of Bach's cello suites, can you play them?
I'd like to hear some of Vivaldi's violin concertos, can you play them?
I'd like to hear some of Vivaldi's violin concertos.
I'd like to hear some pop music from the 80s, please play it.
I'd like to hear some songs from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
I'd like to hear some songs from the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording.
I'd like to hear some songs from the album Back in Black by AC/DC.
I'd like to hear some tracks from the artist Lana Del Rey.
I'd like to hear something from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
I'd like to hear the 'A Love Supreme' album by John Coltrane.
I'd like to hear the 'Black Album' by Metallica now.
I'd like to hear the 'Black Album' by Metallica, please play it.
I'd like to hear the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
I'd like to hear the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to hear the 'Four Seasons' by Vivaldi, can you play it?
I'd like to hear the 'Four Seasons' by Vivaldi, please.
I'd like to hear the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
I'd like to hear the 'Moonlight Sonata' by Beethoven next.
I'd like to hear the 'Moonlight Sonata' by Beethoven, can you play it?
I'd like to hear the 'Nutcracker Suite' by Tchaikovsky.
I'd like to hear the 'Rite of Spring' by Stravinsky.
I'd like to hear the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
I'd like to hear the album '1989' by Taylor Swift, can you play it?
I'd like to hear the album 'Born to Die' by Lana Del Rey.
I'd like to hear the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to hear the album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis.
I'd like to hear the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
I'd like to hear the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to hear the album Hotel California by the Eagles.
I'd like to hear the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
I'd like to hear the artist Adele, could you play her songs?
I'd like to hear the artist Billie Eilish.
I'd like to hear the artist Taylor Swift, play her latest album.
I'd like to hear the complete works of Vivaldi.
I'd like to hear the greatest hits of Fleetwood Mac.
I'd like to hear the greatest hits of The Beatles.
I'd like to hear the greatest hits of the 90s, can you play that?
I'd like to hear the greatest symphonies by Mahler.
I'd like to hear the jazz album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis.
I'd like to hear the latest tracks by the K-pop group BTS.
I'd like to hear the latest tracks from Taylor Swift.
I'd like to hear the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
I'd like to hear the song 'Imagine' by John Lennon, please.
I'd like to hear the soundtrack of 'The Dark Knight' by Hans Zimmer.
I'd like to hear the top hits from the 80s.
I'd like to hear the top singles from the hip-hop genre.
I'd like to hear the track 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
I'd like to listen to 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to listen to 'Purple Rain' by Prince.
I'd like to listen to 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
I'd like to listen to a folk song by Bob Dylan.
I'd like to listen to a piece composed by Beethoven, could you play it?
I'd like to listen to a piece from Beethoven's symphonies.
I'd like to listen to a pop song by the artist Bruno Mars.
I'd like to listen to a rap song by Eminem.
I'd like to listen to a reggae song, please play it.
I'd like to listen to a song from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
I'd like to listen to a soundtrack, can you play one?
I'd like to listen to a track from 'Dark Side of the Moon'.
I'd like to listen to a track from Nirvana's Nevermind.
I'd like to listen to country music by Johnny Cash
I'd like to listen to live recordings of Eric Clapton
I'd like to listen to some baroque music, preferably by Handel.
I'd like to listen to some classical piano pieces.
I'd like to listen to some country music from Johnny Cash.
I'd like to listen to some folk music by Bob Dylan.
I'd like to listen to some folk music, play a song by Bob Dylan.
I'd like to listen to some hip-hop tracks.
I'd like to listen to some indie folk, maybe something from Bon Iver?
I'd like to listen to some indie folk.
I'd like to listen to some indie rock, can you play that?
I'd like to listen to some indie rock, play a track by Arctic Monkeys.
I'd like to listen to some of Bach's organ music, can you play it?
I'd like to listen to some of Vivaldi's violin concertos, can you play them?
I'd like to listen to some tracks by the Foo Fighters.
I'd like to listen to something from the Baroque period, play a composition.
I'd like to listen to something from the Baroque period.
I'd like to listen to something from the artist Billie Eilish.
I'd like to listen to the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
I'd like to listen to the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' soundtrack.
I'd like to listen to the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording
I'd like to listen to the 'Kind of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
I'd like to listen to the Blue album by Joni Mitchell
I'd like to listen to the Hamilton Original Broadway Cast Recording
I'd like to listen to the Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven
I'd like to listen to the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
I'd like to listen to the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
I'd like to listen to the complete Beethoven symphonies
I'd like to listen to the genre of blues, any suggestions?
I'd like to request a piece by Chopin, could you play it?
I'd love a piece from the romantic era, if you could play it, that'd be lovely.
I'd love to dive into some classic rock, can you play that genre?
I'd love to hear 'Hotel California' by the Eagles.
I'd love to hear 'Kind Of Blue' by Miles Davis, can you play that?
I'd love to hear 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis, can you play it?
I'd love to hear 'Purple Rain' by Prince.
I'd love to hear Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
I'd love to hear Beethoven's symphonies, can you play them?
I'd love to hear Chopin's nocturnes, please play them.
I'd love to hear Mozart's symphonies, could you put them on?
I'd love to hear a blues number, can you make that happen?
I'd love to hear a blues tune by B.B. King.
I'd love to hear a country song by Johnny Cash, play it now.
I'd love to hear a country song by Johnny Cash.
I'd love to hear a country tune, maybe something by Johnny Cash.
I'd love to hear a couple of albums from the jazz genre, please.
I'd love to hear a couple of songs from the album Abbey Road by the Beatles.
I'd love to hear a few blues numbers by B.B. King.
I'd love to hear a few pieces by the artist Adele.
I'd love to hear a folk song by Simon & Garfunkel.
I'd love to hear a jazz piece by Miles Davis, if you could play it, that'd be great.
I'd love to hear a jazz piece, can you play one?
I'd love to hear a jazz piece, maybe something by Miles Davis.
I'd love to hear a piece by Mozart, can you make that happen?
I'd love to hear a song by Adele, would you play it?
I'd love to hear a song by the artist Prince.
I'd love to hear a song from the 'Abbey Road' album by the Beatles, whenever you're ready.
I'd love to hear a song from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack.
I'd love to hear a song from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
I'd love to hear a song from the artist Adele.
I'd love to hear a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
I'd love to hear a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
I'd love to hear a track by Adele, can you make that happen?
I'd love to hear a track by Miles Davis right now.
I'd love to hear a track from Taylor Swift's '1989' album.
I'd love to hear a track from Vivaldi's The Four Seasons.
I'd love to hear a track from the 'A Star Is Born' soundtrack.
I'd love to hear a track from the 'Abbey Road' album by the Beatles.
I'd love to hear a track from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
I'd love to hear a track from the 'Rumours' album.
I'd love to hear a track from the 'Thriller' album.
I'd love to hear a track from the genre of electronic, maybe something by Daft Punk?
I'd love to hear an indie track by Arctic Monkeys.
I'd love to hear live performances by Eric Clapton
I'd love to hear live performances by Eric Clapton.
I'd love to hear some blues from B.B. King.
I'd love to hear some blues, maybe something by B.B. King?
I'd love to hear some blues, perhaps a track by B.B. King?
I'd love to hear some classic rock, can you put on a track?
I'd love to hear some country music hits.
I'd love to hear some country music tunes.
I'd love to hear some country music, can you play it?
I'd love to hear some country music, can you play that?
I'd love to hear some folk music, maybe a track by Bob Dylan.
I'd love to hear some indie rock, can you play a song by Arctic Monkeys?
I'd love to hear some jazz, can you put it on?
I'd love to hear some reggae, play Bob Marley's 'Legend' album.
I'd love to hear the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
I'd love to hear the 'Black Album' by Metallica now.
I'd love to hear the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
I'd love to hear the 'Blue' album by Joni Mitchell.
I'd love to hear the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album.
I'd love to hear the 'Hamilton' soundtrack, can you play that?
I'd love to hear the 'Moonlight Sonata' by Beethoven, can you play it?
I'd love to hear the 'Nutcracker Suite' by Tchaikovsky.
I'd love to hear the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson.
I'd love to hear the Chopin Nocturnes by Arthur Rubinstein
I'd love to hear the latest pop genre tracks.
I'd love to hear the latest tracks from Adele's new album.
I'd love to hear the top tracks from the 'Purple Rain' album.
I'd love to hear the top tracks from the 80s, can you play them?
I'd love to hear the track 'Purple Haze' by Jimi Hendrix.
I'd love to listen to Beethoven's Symphony No. 9, please play it.
I'd love to listen to Beethoven's symphonies, can you play them?
I'd love to listen to a country track by Johnny Cash.
I'd love to listen to a hip-hop album by Kendrick Lamar.
I'd love to listen to an indie track by The National.
I'd love to listen to some blues from B.B. King.
I'd love to listen to some classic rock, play a track.
I'd love to listen to some classic rock, put on a track.
I'd love to listen to the 'White Album' by The Beatles.
I'd love to listen to the Black Album by Metallica, could you put it on?
I'd love to relax to some ambient music, can you play it?
I'd love to relax to some classical guitar, please play it.
I'm feeling like hip-hop today, can you play a song by Kendrick Lamar?
I'm feeling nostalgic, can you play some 90s hip hop?
I'm in the mood for 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
I'm in the mood for Bach, please play a track.
I'm in the mood for Beethoven symphonies
I'm in the mood for Beethoven's piano sonatas, please play them.
I'm in the mood for Chopin's Nocturnes, please play them.
I'm in the mood for Chopin's nocturnes, would you play them?
I'm in the mood for Miles Davis' Kind of Blue
I'm in the mood for a Beatles album, can you play Abbey Road?
I'm in the mood for a country song, please play it.
I'm in the mood for a country track by Johnny Cash.
I'm in the mood for a disco hit by the Bee Gees.
I'm in the mood for a punk rock song, play something from The Ramones.
I'm in the mood for a rap album, spin something up.
I'm in the mood for a reggae album, how about something from Bob Marley?
I'm in the mood for a reggae song by Bob Marley.
I'm in the mood for a reggae tune by Bob Marley.
I'm in the mood for a rock song, play a track by Queen.
I'm in the mood for a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
I'm in the mood for a soul track by Aretha Franklin, please play it.
I'm in the mood for a symphony by Mozart.
I'm in the mood for a track by Chopin.
I'm in the mood for a track by Lana Del Rey, play it please.
I'm in the mood for a track by Taylor Swift, can you play one?
I'm in the mood for an R&B song by Beyoncé.
I'm in the mood for an indie song by The National.
I'm in the mood for bluegrass, can you play some?
I'm in the mood for blues, play a B.B. King album.
I'm in the mood for blues, play a song by B.B. King.
I'm in the mood for blues, play a track by B.B. King.
I'm in the mood for blues, play a track.
I'm in the mood for blues, play some B.B. King.
I'm in the mood for country music, can you play a track by Johnny Cash?
I'm in the mood for electronic dance music, can you put on a playlist?
I'm in the mood for folk music, can you play a track by Bob Dylan?
I'm in the mood for jazz, play some Miles Davis tracks.
I'm in the mood for jazz, play some Miles Davis.
I'm in the mood for jazz, play some from the album 'A Love Supreme'.
I'm in the mood for jazz, play some of Miles Davis' tracks.
I'm in the mood for jazz, play something by Miles Davis.
I'm in the mood for jazz, play something from Miles Davis.
I'm in the mood for jazz, play something smooth.
I'm in the mood for reggae, play a song by Bob Marley.
I'm in the mood for reggae, play some Bob Marley.
I'm in the mood for some Bach, could you play it?
I'm in the mood for some Beatles, play 'Abbey Road'.
I'm in the mood for some Beethoven symphonies, could you play them?
I'm in the mood for some Bob Marley, play a reggae track.
I'm in the mood for some R&B, can you play a song by Alicia Keys?
I'm in the mood for some blues, can you play B.B. King?
I'm in the mood for some blues, can you play it?
I'm in the mood for some blues, how about a track by B.B. King?
I'm in the mood for some blues, play anything by B.B. King.
I'm in the mood for some blues, play something from B.B. King.
I'm in the mood for some classic blues, play anything from B.B. King.
I'm in the mood for some classic rock, can you play that?
I'm in the mood for some classical music by Mozart.
I'm in the mood for some classical music, perhaps something by Mozart.
I'm in the mood for some classical music, perhaps something by Mozart?
I'm in the mood for some classical music, play a composition by Mozart.
I'm in the mood for some classical music, please play it.
I'm in the mood for some country music, can you play it?
I'm in the mood for some country tunes, maybe something from Johnny Cash?
I'm in the mood for some country tunes, play a few.
I'm in the mood for some electronic dance music by Daft Punk.
I'm in the mood for some electronic music from Daft Punk.
I'm in the mood for some electronic music, play a track.
I'm in the mood for some folk music, play a track by Bob Dylan.
I'm in the mood for some hip hop, play tracks by Kendrick Lamar.
I'm in the mood for some indie folk tunes.
I'm in the mood for some indie music, can you play a song by Arctic Monkeys?
I'm in the mood for some indie rock, please play it.
I'm in the mood for some jazz, can you play a Coltrane album?
I'm in the mood for some live jazz recordings.
I'm in the mood for some reggae music, play a few tracks.
I'm in the mood for some reggae, play a Bob Marley song.
I'm in the mood for some reggae, play some Bob Marley.
I'm in the mood for the Graceland album by Paul Simon, play that.
I'm interested in baroque music, play a composition by Vivaldi.
I'm interested in hearing 'Dark Side of the Moon', can you play it?
I'm interested in hearing a concerto by Tchaikovsky.
I'm interested in hearing a piece from Schubert, perhaps a lieder.
I'm interested in hearing a song by Adele.
I'm interested in hearing a track by Taylor Swift.
I'm interested in hearing a track by the artist Sia.
I'm interested in hearing a track from Pink Floyd's 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
I'm interested in hearing some classical music, play a mix.
I'm interested in hearing some country music by Johnny Cash.
I'm interested in hearing some country music, play Johnny Cash.
I'm interested in hearing some indie folk songs, please play them.
I'm interested in hearing some indie music, perhaps by Arctic Monkeys?
I'm interested in hearing some indie rock, play Arctic Monkeys.
I'm interested in hearing some of the works by Brahms.
I'm interested in hearing some songs by The Beatles, play them please.
I'm interested in hearing some songs from the baroque period.
I'm interested in hearing the works of Chopin
Is it possible to hear the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Is it possible to play 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen right now?
It would be great if you could play Bach's Brandenburg Concertos.
Kindly play a selection from Bach's works.
Let's enjoy some of Vivaldi's concertos.
Let's hear a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Let's hear a track from the artist Lizzo.
Let's hear some classic rock from the '70s.
Let's hear some electronic dance music, perhaps a playlist with Daft Punk?
Let's hear some of the greatest hits from the 80s.
Let's hear something from the artist Adele.
Let's hear the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Let's hear the greatest hits of Elton John
Let's listen to a track by the composer Debussy.
Let's listen to the top electronic dance music hits.
May I hear the composition 'Moonlight Sonata' by Beethoven?
May I request a song by Bach to be played?
Mind queuing up a blues playlist?
Play 'Adagio for Strings' by Samuel Barber.
Play 'Appetite for Destruction' by Guns N' Roses.
Play 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen, if you may.
Play 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
Play 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Play 'Fearless' album by Taylor Swift.
Play 'Hallelujah' composed by Leonard Cohen.
Play 'Hotel California' by the Eagles.
Play 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
Play 'Kind Of Blue' by Miles Davis at your earliest convenience.
Play 'My Favorite Things' by John Coltrane.
Play 'My Favorite Things' from the album 'The Sound of Music'.
Play 'Nessun Dorma' performed by Luciano Pavarotti.
Play 'Purple Rain' by Prince and the Revolution.
Play 'Purple Rain' by Prince, it's such a classic.
Play 'Purple Rain' by Prince.
Play 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
Play 'Sweet Child o' Mine' by Guns N' Roses.
Play 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson for me.
Play Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 in C minor.
Play Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 by the Berlin Philharmonic
Play Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 from his complete symphonies collection.
Play Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Play Beethoven's piano sonatas performed by Daniel Barenboim
Play Chopin's Nocturnes by Arthur Rubinstein
Play Chopin's Nocturnes on the piano.
Play Chopin's Nocturnes.
Play Glenn Gould's recording of Bach Goldberg Variations
Play Madonna's top hits.
Play Vivaldi's Four Seasons by Itzhak Perlman
Play Vivaldi's Four Seasons, Spring movement.
Play Vivaldi's Four Seasons, please.
Play a Beethoven symphony when you have time.
Play a Beethoven symphony, I'd be grateful.
Play a Beethoven symphony, if you would be so kind.
Play a Chopin nocturne when you're ready.
Play a Chopin nocturne, would you kindly?
Play a ballad from the country singer Johnny Cash.
Play a bit of jazz from Miles Davis' Kind of Blue.
Play a blues genre track for me.
Play a blues number by B.B. King for me.
Play a blues number by B.B. King, please.
Play a blues number by B.B. King.
Play a blues number from B.B. King's Live at the Regal album.
Play a blues number, if that's okay.
Play a blues playlist.
Play a blues song from B.B. King's Live at the Regal, thanks.
Play a blues track by B.B. King.
Play a blues track for me.
Play a blues track from B.B. King's Live at the Regal album.
Play a classical composition by Mozart, if it's convenient.
Play a classical composition by Mozart.
Play a classical piece by Chopin, something soothing.
Play a classical piece by Chopin.
Play a classical piece by Mozart.
Play a classical piece by Vivaldi.
Play a composition by Beethoven, his music is timeless.
Play a composition by Beethoven, please.
Play a composition by Chopin for my evening study session.
Play a composition by Chopin.
Play a composition by Debussy from his Clair de Lune suite.
Play a composition by Vivaldi, perhaps from The Four Seasons.
Play a composition from Chopin's nocturnes, if you may.
Play a composition from Debussy's Clair de Lune.
Play a composition from Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker Suite, kindly.
Play a composition from Wagner's operas, if you would.
Play a country ballad, if it's not out of the way.
Play a country song by Johnny Cash, anything from 'Folsom Prison Blues'.
Play a country song by Johnny Cash.
Play a country song, perhaps something by Johnny Cash.
Play a couple of Ariana Grande's pop hits.
Play a couple of Beethoven's symphonies when you can.
Play a couple of Beethoven's symphonies, kindly.
Play a couple of Beethoven's symphonies, please.
Play a couple of Mozart's piano concertos, please.
Play a couple of compositions by Beethoven.
Play a couple of pieces by Chopin.
Play a couple of reggae hits, please.
Play a couple of songs by Bob Dylan, if you're willing.
Play a couple of songs composed by Beethoven.
Play a couple of songs from 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles.
Play a couple of songs from 'Adele's latest album.
Play a couple of songs from Madonna's 'Like a Virgin' album.
Play a couple of songs from the 'Abbey Road' album.
Play a couple of songs from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a couple of songs from the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' soundtrack.
Play a couple of songs from the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording.
Play a couple of songs from the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince.
Play a couple of songs from the album 'Back in Black' by AC/DC.
Play a couple of songs from the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a couple of songs from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Play a couple of songs from the artist Billie Eilish, please.
Play a couple of songs from the genre of indie folk.
Play a couple of songs from the genre of reggae.
Play a couple of tracks by Billie Eilish, if that's alright.
Play a couple of tracks by Nirvana from the 'Nevermind' album.
Play a couple of tracks by The Beatles from 'Abbey Road'.
Play a couple of tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a couple of tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Play a couple of tracks from Adele's '21' album.
Play a couple of tracks from Adele's latest album.
Play a couple of tracks from Bach, please.
Play a couple of tracks from Madonna's 'Like a Virgin' album.
Play a couple of tracks from Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon.
Play a couple of tracks from Taylor Swift's '1989' album.
Play a couple of tracks from Taylor Swift's Reputation album, if you may.
Play a couple of tracks from Taylor Swift's latest album.
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Hotel California' album by the Eagles.
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Moana' soundtrack.
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a couple of tracks from the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson.
Play a couple of tracks from the Hamilton soundtrack, if possible.
Play a couple of tracks from the album 'Abbey Road'.
Play a couple of tracks from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a couple of tracks from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a couple of tracks from the jazz album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis.
Play a couple of tracks from the musical Les Misérables, if you like.
Play a duet by Simon & Garfunkel, if it's not inconvenient.
Play a few blues classics, please.
Play a few jazz pieces by Miles Davis, if that's alright.
Play a few jazz pieces from the 'Kind of Blue' album.
Play a few jazz pieces from the album Kind of Blue.
Play a few of Mozart's piano concertos, at your convenience.
Play a few of Vivaldi's Four Seasons concertos, please.
Play a few of the best-loved tracks by Ed Sheeran.
Play a few of the latest hip-hop releases, if you're in the mood.
Play a few of the latest hip-hop tracks.
Play a few of the latest hits from the pop charts.
Play a few of the latest pop songs, if you don't mind.
Play a few of the most popular hip-hop tracks right now.
Play a few of the top singles from the 90s grunge scene.
Play a few pieces by Chopin, would you?
Play a few pieces by Debussy, if you don't mind.
Play a few pieces composed by Chopin.
Play a few pieces composed by Debussy for solo piano.
Play a few pieces composed by Debussy, if possible.
Play a few pieces composed by Debussy.
Play a few pieces composed by Tchaikovsky, please.
Play a few pieces composed by Tchaikovsky.
Play a few songs by Ed Sheeran for me.
Play a few songs composed by Hans Zimmer, please.
Play a few songs from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd.
Play a few songs from the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording.
Play a few songs from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a few songs from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a few songs from the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a few songs from the artist Adele, if you can.
Play a few songs from the artist Bruno Mars.
Play a few songs from the genre of blues, at your leisure.
Play a few songs from the genre of blues.
Play a few songs from the genre of classic rock.
Play a few songs from the genre of hip-hop.
Play a few songs from the genre of reggae.
Play a few songs written by Max Martin
Play a few tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a few tracks from 'Nevermind' by Nirvana.
Play a few tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
Play a few tracks from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Play a few tracks from Beethoven's symphonies.
Play a few tracks from Madonna's 'Like a Virgin' album.
Play a few tracks from Miles Davis's 'Bitches Brew'.
Play a few tracks from Taylor Swift's album 1989.
Play a few tracks from Taylor Swift's latest album.
Play a few tracks from the 'Abbey Road' album.
Play a few tracks from the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Play a few tracks from the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording.
Play a few tracks from the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince.
Play a few tracks from the Hamilton Original Broadway Cast Recording.
Play a few tracks from the Imagine Dragons' Evolve album, if you can.
Play a few tracks from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a few tracks from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac, if you want.
Play a few tracks from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a few tracks from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play a few tracks from the genre of blues.
Play a few tracks from the genre of jazz.
Play a folk song from Bob Dylan's Highway 61 Revisited.
Play a folk song from Simon & Garfunkel's Bridge over Troubled Water.
Play a folk song, if that's convenient.
Play a heavy metal song by Iron Maiden.
Play a heavy metal track by Iron Maiden.
Play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamar's Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Play a hip-hop track from Kendrick Lamar's album Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Play a hip-hop track, if it's all the same to you.
Play a hit from the 'Back in Black' album by AC/DC.
Play a jazz track for me.
Play a jazz tune for me.
Play a jazz tune from Miles Davis' Kind of Blue.
Play a jazz tune from Miles Davis's Kind of Blue.
Play a jazz tune, if it's not a bother.
Play a lo-fi hip-hop beat to relax to, if you're in the mood.
Play a melody by Chopin, please, it would be very special.
Play a melody from the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's album, please.
Play a melody from the electronic genre, please.
Play a melody from the film score of Inception by Hans Zimmer.
Play a melody from the soundtrack of 'The Godfather', please.
Play a melody from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
Play a metal song by Iron Maiden.
Play a metal song by Metallica from their Black Album.
Play a metal song from Metallica's Black Album.
Play a metal track by Metallica.
Play a metal track from Metallica's Master of Puppets.
Play a metal track, if that's to your liking.
Play a mix of country music from the 2000s
Play a mix of pop songs by various artists.
Play a mix of reggae hits by Bob Marley.
Play a mix of reggae music by Bob Marley.
Play a mix of songs from the genre of blues.
Play a number by Queen, please, it would be wonderful.
Play a number from Miles Davis' Kind of Blue.
Play a number from the R&B artist Alicia Keys.
Play a number from the album 'Hotel California' by the Eagles.
Play a number from the hip-hop genre, if possible.
Play a number from the jazz genre, please.
Play a number from the pop genre, if you would.
Play a number of jazz standards from the 'Kind of Blue' album.
Play a piece by Beethoven, I'm in the mood for classical.
Play a piece by Beethoven, to soothe my mind.
Play a piece by Chopin for a classical music evening.
Play a piece by Chopin on the piano.
Play a piece by Chopin, I'm in the mood for piano music.
Play a piece by Chopin, preferably a nocturne.
Play a piece by Debussy from his Suite Bergamasque.
Play a piece by Mozart, I'd enjoy that.
Play a piece by Mozart.
Play a piece by Vivaldi, if you have the time.
Play a piece by Vivaldi, it's my favorite.
Play a piece by Vivaldi.
Play a piece by composer Vivaldi.
Play a piece by the composer Debussy, it's so relaxing.
Play a piece composed by Vivaldi.
Play a piece from Beethoven's symphonies.
Play a piece from Brahms' Hungarian Dances.
Play a piece from Chopin, if you don't mind.
Play a piece from Debussy's Clair de Lune, if you may.
Play a piece from Handel's Messiah.
Play a piece from Mozart's Requiem, if you would.
Play a piece from Mozart's piano sonatas, if you would.
Play a piece from Schubert's Winterreise, please.
Play a piece from Schubert's Winterreise.
Play a piece from Tchaikovsky's 'The Nutcracker'.
Play a piece from Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake.
Play a piece from Tchaikovsky's The Nutcracker Suite.
Play a piece from Tchaikovsky's ballets, please.
Play a piece from Vivaldi's Four Seasons, preferably Spring.
Play a piece from Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
Play a piece from the 'Interstellar' soundtrack for inspiration.
Play a piece from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a piece from the Baroque period by Handel.
Play a piece from the Baroque period.
Play a piece from the baroque period, it would be quite an experience.
Play a piece from the folk genre, if you may.
Play a piece from the rap album The Marshall Mathers LP by Eminem.
Play a piece from the reggae genre, kindly.
Play a playlist of electronic dance music.
Play a playlist of relaxing piano music
Play a pop song by Ariana Grande.
Play a pop song from Michael Jackson's Thriller album.
Play a pop song from Taylor Swift's 1989 album.
Play a pop song from the '1989' album by Taylor Swift.
Play a pop song from the 80s.
Play a pop song from the 90s.
Play a pop song that's trending right now.
Play a pop song, maybe something from Taylor Swift's Reputation album.
Play a pop song, preferably something upbeat, if it's not too much trouble.
Play a pop track from Taylor Swift's 1989 album.
Play a punk rock song by The Ramones.
Play a punk rock song from The Clash's London Calling.
Play a punk rock track by The Ramones.
Play a punk rock track, if it's not too much to ask.
Play a punk rock track, something from The Ramones would be cool.
Play a punk rock track, that would be great.
Play a random song by Queen
Play a random track from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play a random track from the genre of classical music.
Play a range of tracks from 1 to 4 from 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a rap song by Tupac Shakur.
Play a rap song by Tupac from the album All Eyez on Me.
Play a rap song from Eminem's The Marshall Mathers LP.
Play a rap song from Kendrick Lamar's Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Play a reggae song by Bob Marley for us.
Play a reggae song by Bob Marley.
Play a reggae song for us.
Play a reggae song from Bob Marley's Exodus.
Play a reggae song, if that suits the mood.
Play a reggae tune by Bob Marley.
Play a rock song by Led Zeppelin.
Play a rock song by Queen.
Play a rock song from the '80s, if you're up for it.
Play a rock song from the 80s.
Play a rock track from Queen's A Night at the Opera.
Play a selection from Chopin's Nocturnes.
Play a selection from Debussy's preludes, please.
Play a selection from Handel's Messiah, with pleasure.
Play a selection from Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
Play a selection from Vivaldi's violin concertos, kindly.
Play a selection from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a selection from the artist Taylor Swift's discography.
Play a selection from the soundtrack of 'The Lord of the Rings'.
Play a selection from the works of Duke Ellington, please.
Play a selection of Tchaikovsky's ballet scores.
Play a selection of baroque music composed by Vivaldi.
Play a selection of electronic dance music hits.
Play a selection of reggae hits from Bob Marley.
Play a selection of reggae music by Bob Marley.
Play a selection of reggae music, including songs by Bob Marley.
Play a selection of reggae music.
Play a selection of relaxing classical music pieces.
Play a selection of rock songs by Queen.
Play a selection of songs by Billie Eilish.
Play a selection of songs by the composer Chopin.
Play a selection of songs from Taylor Swift's '1989' album.
Play a selection of songs from the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' soundtrack.
Play a selection of songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a selection of tracks from the album '1989' by Taylor Swift.
Play a song by Adele, her voice is amazing.
Play a song by Coldplay, please.
Play a song by Ed Sheeran, if you would be so kind.
Play a song by Ed Sheeran, preferably something acoustic.
Play a song by Frank Sinatra, let's go with a classic.
Play a song by Lady Gaga.
Play a song by Queen from the 'A Night at the Opera' album.
Play a song by Queen from the album 'A Night at the Opera'.
Play a song by Taylor Swift, please.
Play a song by The Beatles for a bit of nostalgia.
Play a song by The Beatles, any favorite of yours.
Play a song by The Beatles, any will do.
Play a song by the Beatles for me.
Play a song by the Beatles from the album Abbey Road.
Play a song by the Rolling Stones, please.
Play a song by the artist Lana Del Rey.
Play a song by the band The Beatles.
Play a song from 'The Beatles'.
Play a song from Adele's album '21' for my reflection time.
Play a song from Adele's latest album, I love her voice.
Play a song from Adele's latest album.
Play a song from Lady Gaga's latest album.
Play a song from Madonna's Like a Virgin album.
Play a song from the 'Abbey Road' album by the Beatles.
Play a song from the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Play a song from the 'Born to Die' album by Lana Del Rey, please.
Play a song from the 'Born to Die' album by Lana Del Rey.
Play a song from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a song from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album, please.
Play a song from the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' album, I love those hits.
Play a song from the 'Hamilton' musical soundtrack.
Play a song from the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast album.
Play a song from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack, if that's alright with you.
Play a song from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack, no rush.
Play a song from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack.
Play a song from the 'Hotel California' album by the Eagles.
Play a song from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
Play a song from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a song from the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson.
Play a song from the R&B album Songs in the Key of Life by Stevie Wonder.
Play a song from the album '21' by Adele.
Play a song from the album 'Back in Black' by AC/DC.
Play a song from the album 'Born to Die' by Lana Del Rey.
Play a song from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen, please, it would be epic.
Play a song from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Play a song from the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a song from the artist Adele for me.
Play a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a song from the artist who sings 'Rolling in the Deep'
Play a song from the genre of classic rock by Led Zeppelin.
Play a song from the genre of classic rock.
Play a song from the genre of classical music composed by Chopin.
Play a song from the genre of electronic dance music.
Play a song from the genre of rock.
Play a song from the rock band Queen's Greatest Hits.
Play a soulful tune by Aretha Franklin, if you're willing.
Play a symphony by Mozart, something soothing.
Play a track by Adele from her latest album, if you have it.
Play a track by Adele, her voice is amazing.
Play a track by Bach, would you?
Play a track by Beyoncé, something upbeat.
Play a track by Billie Eilish, I love her music.
Play a track by Billie Eilish, something from her debut album.
Play a track by Lady Gaga, but only when you have a moment.
Play a track by Lady Gaga, please, I'd appreciate it.
Play a track by Lady Gaga.
Play a track by Madonna, something upbeat would be perfect.
Play a track by Mozart from his Requiem Mass in D minor.
Play a track by Taylor Swift, but only when you have time.
Play a track by The Beatles
Play a track by the Beatles from the album Abbey Road.
Play a track by the composer Chopin.
Play a track called 'Imagine' by John Lennon.
Play a track called 'Purple Rain' by Prince, please.
Play a track from 'A Love Supreme' by John Coltrane, please, in your own time.
Play a track from 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles, please.
Play a track from 'Abbey Road' by the Beatles.
Play a track from 'Abbey Road', if that works for you.
Play a track from 'Dark Side of the Moon', if possible.
Play a track from 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac, when possible.
Play a track from 'The Dark Side of the Moon' for me.
Play a track from Adele's 21 album.
Play a track from Adele's latest album for me.
Play a track from Adele's newest album.
Play a track from Bach's Easter Oratorio, please.
Play a track from Beethoven's symphonies, kindly.
Play a track from Brahms' Hungarian Dances, if you may.
Play a track from Lady Gaga's latest album.
Play a track from Mozart's Requiem in D minor.
Play a track from Schubert's Winterreise, thanks.
Play a track from the 'A Love Supreme' album by John Coltrane.
Play a track from the 'A Star Is Born' soundtrack by Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper.
Play a track from the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Play a track from the 'Black Panther' album, it has great vibes.
Play a track from the 'Born To Die' album by Lana Del Rey.
Play a track from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a track from the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording.
Play a track from the 'Hamilton' soundtrack, I'm in the mood for a musical.
Play a track from the 'La La Land' soundtrack.
Play a track from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
Play a track from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a track from the K-pop group BTS.
Play a track from the R&B genre, kindly.
Play a track from the album 'Born in the U.S.A.' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a track from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen, when convenient.
Play a track from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a track from the album 'Nevermind' by Nirvana, please, it would be iconic.
Play a track from the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac, if you please.
Play a track from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson, it would be delightful.
Play a track from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Play a track from the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey.
Play a track from the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play a track from the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
Play a track from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Play a track from the artist Billie Eilish's album When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?
Play a track from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play a track from the artist Drake's Certified Lover Boy album.
Play a track from the artist Drake's latest album.
Play a track from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play a track from the artist Lizzo's latest album.
Play a track from the artist Prince, maybe Purple Rain?
Play a track from the artist Taylor Swift's album 1989.
Play a track from the blues genre by B.B. King.
Play a track from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk.
Play a track from the genre of classical music.
Play a track from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar.
Play a track from the reggae artist Bob Marley.
Play a track from the rock genre, if you can.
Play a track from the rock genre.
Play a track from the soundtrack of The Lord of the Rings.
Play a track named 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
Play a track named 'Imagine' by John Lennon.
Play a track that's part of the Baroque genre.
Play a track that's pure blues.
Play a track with smooth jazz vibes by Norah Jones.
Play a tune by Chopin, maybe a nocturne or a polonaise.
Play a tune by Madonna, any of her top hits will do.
Play a tune by the Beatles.
Play a tune from 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd, it would be awesome.
Play a tune from Adele's latest album, please.
Play a tune from Vivaldi's Four Seasons, please.
Play a tune from Vivaldi's The Four Seasons.
Play a tune from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play a tune from the artist Ed Sheeran's latest album.
Play a tune from the blues genre, please.
Play a tune from the country genre, if you can.
Play a tune from the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk.
Play a tune from the punk genre by The Ramones.
Play an assortment of rock songs from the 90s.
Play an electronic dance music track, if that's alright.
Play five songs from the artist Prince.
Play jazz music by John Coltrane
Play me a classical piece by Mozart.
Play one of Chopin's nocturnes, if you would.
Play one track by Adele.
Play some Beethoven symphonies by the Berlin Philharmonic
Play some alternative rock from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
Play some ambient music for relaxation.
Play some ambient music for studying
Play some ambient music to help me relax.
Play some ambient music to relax to.
Play some blues from B.B. King.
Play some blues music by B.B. King
Play some blues to set the mood.
Play some blues, maybe a track by B.B. King.
Play some blues, maybe something by B.B. King.
Play some chill electronic music for my study session.
Play some chill lo-fi beats to relax to
Play some chill lo-fi beats to relax to.
Play some classic blues tracks.
Play some classic country songs from the 'Golden Road' album by Keith Urban.
Play some classic reggae music for me.
Play some classic rock from the 70s
Play some classic rock from the 70s.
Play some classic rock hits from the 70s, if you would.
Play some classic rock music.
Play some classic rock songs
Play some classic rock songs for me.
Play some classic rock songs from the 70s.
Play some classic rock tracks from the 70s
Play some classic rock tracks from the 70s.
Play some classic rock tunes, how about Led Zeppelin?
Play some classic rock, how about 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin?
Play some classical guitar music by Andrés Segovia
Play some classical guitar, maybe a piece by Andrés Segovia.
Play some classical music pieces by Beethoven.
Play some country music by Johnny Cash
Play some country music from Johnny Cash.
Play some country music from artists like Johnny Cash.
Play some country music from the 90s.
Play some country music hits from the 90s.
Play some country music, perhaps Johnny Cash.
Play some country tunes by Johnny Cash, will you?
Play some electronic dance music.
Play some energetic electronic dance music.
Play some energetic pop music.
Play some hip-hop by Kendrick Lamar
Play some hip-hop music by Tupac Shakur.
Play some hip-hop to get the party started.
Play some hip-hop tracks by Kendrick Lamar
Play some hip-hop, maybe something from Kendrick Lamar.
Play some indie rock tracks.
Play some jazz from the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Play some jazz music for the evening.
Play some jazz music from Miles Davis on the speakers.
Play some jazz music from the album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis.
Play some jazz music from the album 'Kind of Blue'.
Play some jazz music.
Play some music by the artist Prince.
Play some music by the composer Vivaldi.
Play some music from the Baroque period.
Play some of Chopin's nocturnes, whenever you're ready.
Play some of Daft Punk's electronic music, if you're up for it.
Play some of Vivaldi's violin concertos, when convenient.
Play some of the Rolling Stones' greatest hits.
Play some of the best compositions by Handel, at your earliest convenience.
Play some of the best compositions by Johann Strauss II.
Play some of the best compositions by Tchaikovsky.
Play some of the best compositions by Vivaldi.
Play some of the best grunge tracks from the 90s.
Play some of the classic blues tracks by B.B. King.
Play some of the greatest hits by The Beatles.
Play some of the greatest hits from Elton John.
Play some of the greatest hits from the artist Prince.
Play some of the greatest hits from the country genre.
Play some of the greatest hits from the rock genre.
Play some of the iconic songs by Queen.
Play some of the latest pop songs, please.
Play some of the most popular electronic dance music hits.
Play some of the top pop songs from the 80s.
Play some old school hip-hop tracks.
Play some old school rap by Tupac
Play some reggae music for me.
Play some reggae music from Bob Marley
Play some reggae music from Bob Marley.
Play some reggae music to lighten the mood.
Play some relaxing ambient music for studying
Play some relaxing ambient music for studying.
Play some relaxing classical music.
Play some rock music from the 90s.
Play some rock music, perhaps a song by The Rolling Stones.
Play some rock music, perhaps a track by The Rolling Stones?
Play some smooth jazz by Norah Jones
Play some smooth jazz from Miles Davis for me.
Play some smooth jazz from the album Time Out
Play some smooth jazz tunes for me.
Play some songs from Adele's '21' album.
Play some songs from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
Play some soothing instrumental music.
Play some tracks from 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles.
Play some tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Play some tracks from Adele's latest album, thank you.
Play some tracks from Beethoven's symphonies.
Play some tracks from the 'Born to Die' album by Lana Del Rey.
Play some tracks from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Play some tracks from the artist Adele's latest record.
Play some tracks from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play some tracks from the film score of 'Inception'
Play some tracks from the genre of jazz.
Play some tracks from the hip-hop artist Kendrick Lamar.
Play some upbeat dance music.
Play some upbeat pop music for me.
Play some upbeat pop music to lift the mood.
Play something bluesy from B.B. King's Live at the Regal.
Play something by Chopin, I could use some soothing piano music.
Play something by The Beatles, if you can.
Play something classical from Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake.
Play something from the 'Born to Die' album by Lana Del Rey.
Play something from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play something from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Play something from the genre of electronic music.
Play songs by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play the 'Best of 90s' playlist, please.
Play the 'Black Album' by Metallica from start to finish.
Play the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Play the 'Blue Album' by Weezer.
Play the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd.
Play the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd
Play the 'Four Seasons' by Vivaldi, performed by Itzhak Perlman
Play the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording.
Play the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
Play the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Play the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson.
Play the 'Top 50 Global' playlist on Spotify.
Play the album 'Back to Black' by Amy Winehouse.
Play the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd in full.
Play the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd in its entirety.
Play the album 'Nevermind' by Nirvana starting with track number four.
Play the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac in its entirety
Play the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson
Play the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson now, please.
Play the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson, please.
Play the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd, if you're able.
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Play the album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis
Play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson, if you'd be so kind.
Play the artist Ariana Grande's chart-topping hits, if you're inclined.
Play the artist Billie Eilish's newest tracks.
Play the artist Ed Sheeran's latest single.
Play the artist Ed Sheeran's popular songs, if you please.
Play the artist Ed Sheeran's song Shape of You.
Play the best hits from the 80s era.
Play the best hits from the 80s pop genre.
Play the best of 90s rock music
Play the best of Chopin.
Play the best of country music hits.
Play the best of hip-hop from the early 2000s.
Play the best of the 90s grunge scene.
Play the best songs from Adele's 21 album.
Play the best songs from the grunge era.
Play the best songs from the jazz genre.
Play the best tracks from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
Play the blues album Born Under a Bad Sign by Albert King.
Play the blues album Texas Flood by Stevie Ray Vaughan
Play the classical album 'The Four Seasons' by Vivaldi.
Play the classical piece Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1
Play the complete works of Chopin.
Play the country album Golden Hour by Kacey Musgraves
Play the electronic album Discovery by Daft Punk
Play the entire 'Dark Side of the Moon' album
Play the entire 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd.
Play the first three songs from 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Play the first three songs from Adele's latest album.
Play the first three songs from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
Play the first three songs from the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson.
Play the first three songs from the album 'Hotel California' by Eagles.
Play the first track from the 'Black Album' by Metallica
Play the folk album Freewheelin' Bob Dylan by Bob Dylan
Play the genre of classic rock.
Play the greatest hits album by The Beatles for me.
Play the greatest hits of The Beatles
Play the greatest hits of the 80s.
Play the hip-hop album 'Illmatic' by Nas.
Play the hip-hop album To Pimp a Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar
Play the indie album Fleet Foxes by Fleet Foxes
Play the jazz album A Love Supreme by John Coltrane
Play the latest album by Adele
Play the latest album by Coldplay
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift for me, please.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift, if you would.
Play the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Play the latest album by The Weeknd.
Play the latest album by the artist Adele.
Play the latest hip-hop releases
Play the latest pop album.
Play the latest single by Taylor Swift.
Play the latest single from Taylor Swift.
Play the latest song by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest songs by Taylor Swift.
Play the latest track by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest tracks by Billie Eilish.
Play the latest tracks from Radiohead, I love their sound.
Play the live recording of Hotel California by Eagles
Play the metal album Master of Puppets by Metallica
Play the most popular K-pop songs
Play the most popular songs by the artist Billie Eilish.
Play the most popular songs from Adele.
Play the newest pop songs.
Play the opening song from the musical Hamilton.
Play the original soundtrack of 'The Lord of the Rings'.
Play the pop album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play the punk album London Calling by The Clash
Play the reggae album Legend by Bob Marley
Play the rock album Nevermind by Nirvana
Play the second movement of Mozart's Piano Concerto No. 21.
Play the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
Play the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' from the album 'A Night at the Opera'.
Play the song 'Clair de Lune' by Debussy.
Play the song 'Hallelujah' by Leonard Cohen.
Play the song 'Halo' by Beyoncé.
Play the song 'Imagine' by John Lennon for me.
Play the song 'Imagine' by John Lennon, please.
Play the song 'Imagine' by John Lennon.
Play the song 'Lose Yourself' by Eminem.
Play the song 'Purple Rain' by Prince.
Play the song 'Purple Rain' by the artist Prince.
Play the song 'Shape of You' by Ed Sheeran
Play the song 'Shape of You' by Ed Sheeran.
Play the song 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
Play the song 'What's Going On' by Marvin Gaye.
Play the song Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen.
Play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen
Play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen, please.
Play the song Hallelujah by Leonard Cohen.
Play the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Play the song with the lyrics 'Hello, is it me you're looking for?'
Play the soundtrack album Inception by Hans Zimmer
Play the top five Billboard charting tracks
Play the top five tracks by Taylor Swift.
Play the top hits from the 1980s, please.
Play the top hits from the 2000s.
Play the top hits from the 80s genre.
Play the top hits from the 80s pop genre.
Play the top hits from the 80s, please.
Play the top hits from the 80s.
Play the top hits from the 90s
Play the top hits from the 90s alternative genre
Play the top hits from the 90s grunge scene
Play the top jazz albums from the 1960s.
Play the top songs from the 80s rock genre.
Play the top songs from the artist Ariana Grande.
Play the top songs from the hip-hop playlist, please.
Play the top songs from the jazz genre.
Play the top songs from the rock genre.
Play the top tracks from the artist Billie Eilish.
Play the top tracks from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Play the top tracks from the jazz genre
Play the top tracks from the jazz genre.
Play the top tracks from the rock genre.
Play the track 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
Play the track Hallelujah from the album Various Positions by Leonard Cohen.
Play the track Hallelujah, I think it's by Leonard Cohen.
Play three of the top hits from the 80s, if you don't mind.
Play three pieces composed by Chopin.
Play three songs by The Beatles, if it's not too much trouble.
Play three songs by the Beatles.
Play three songs by the artist Sia.
Play three songs from Adele's newest album
Play three songs from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Play three tracks from 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles.
Play tracks from 'The Beatles' White Album
Play tracks from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson
Play tracks from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson
Play tracks from the artist Adele
Play two tracks by the artist Lana Del Rey.
Please play 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
Please play 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play 'Hotel California' by Eagles, it's one of my favorites.
Please play 'Hotel California' by the Eagles.
Please play 'Kind Of Blue' by Miles Davis.
Please play 'Purple Rain' by Prince.
Please play 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
Please play 'Sweet Child o' Mine' by Guns N' Roses.
Please play 'Vivaldi's Four Seasons', I love classical music.
Please play Beethoven's 5th Symphony.
Please play Beethoven's 9th Symphony next.
Please play Beethoven's 9th Symphony.
Please play Beethoven's Fifth Symphony.
Please play Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 by Berlin Philharmonic
Please play Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Please play Chopin's Nocturnes.
Please play Glenn Gould's recordings of Bach's Goldberg Variations
Please play Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
Please play a blues album, I love that genre.
Please play a blues genre song for me.
Please play a blues track by B.B. King at your leisure.
Please play a blues track by B.B. King.
Please play a blues track to match my mood.
Please play a classic from Chopin's Nocturnes.
Please play a classic from the punk band The Clash's London Calling album.
Please play a classical piece by Mozart, it would be truly magnificent.
Please play a classical piece from Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake.
Please play a composition by Beethoven, it would be deeply appreciated.
Please play a composition by Beethoven, perhaps something from his symphonies.
Please play a composition by Chopin.
Please play a composition from Chopin's Nocturnes.
Please play a composition from Mozart's Requiem.
Please play a country song by Johnny Cash.
Please play a country song from Johnny Cash's At Folsom Prison.
Please play a country song from Johnny Cash's Folsom Prison Blues.
Please play a country tune from Johnny Cash's album Folsom Prison Blues.
Please play a couple of Beethoven's symphonies.
Please play a couple of songs from the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
Please play a couple of tracks from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Please play a dance number by Avicii.
Please play a disco hit by the Bee Gees.
Please play a disco track by the Bee Gees.
Please play a few songs from the genre of jazz.
Please play a few songs from the rock genre.
Please play a few tracks by the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play a few tracks from 'Led Zeppelin IV' by Led Zeppelin.
Please play a few tracks from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Please play a few tracks from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play a few tracks from the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' soundtrack.
Please play a folk song by Simon & Garfunkel from their album Bridge over Troubled Water.
Please play a folk song.
Please play a hip-hop beat by Tupac, it would be much appreciated.
Please play a hip-hop song.
Please play a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Please play a hip-hop track for me.
Please play a hip-hop track, that would be awesome.
Please play a jazz piece by Miles Davis. That would be soothing.
Please play a jazz piece for me.
Please play a jazz piece from Miles Davis' Kind of Blue.
Please play a jazz song from the 'Kind of Blue' album.
Please play a jazz track by Miles Davis.
Please play a jazz tune for me.
Please play a jazz tune from Miles Davis' Kind of Blue album.
Please play a melody from Handel's Water Music.
Please play a metal album, something heavy.
Please play a metal song by Metallica.
Please play a metal song from Metallica's Black Album.
Please play a metal track by Iron Maiden.
Please play a metal track by Metallica.
Please play a piece by Bach, maybe something from the Brandenburg Concertos.
Please play a piece by Chopin from his Nocturnes collection.
Please play a piece from Chopin on the piano.
Please play a piece from Chopin's Nocturnes.
Please play a piece from Debussy's Suite Bergamasque.
Please play a piece from the 'Nutcracker' by Tchaikovsky.
Please play a piece of electronic dance music by Avicii.
Please play a pop song by Ariana Grande.
Please play a pop song by Taylor Swift from her 1989 album.
Please play a punk rock song by The Ramones.
Please play a punk rock song from the 70s, at your earliest convenience.
Please play a punk rock track by The Ramones.
Please play a punk rock track.
Please play a range of classical music by Mozart.
Please play a range of soundtracks from epic movies.
Please play a rock song from the album Nevermind by Nirvana.
Please play a rock track by Led Zeppelin, it would mean the world.
Please play a rock track from the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Please play a selection from Bach's Italian Concerto.
Please play a selection from Chopin's Nocturnes.
Please play a selection from Chopin's nocturnes for piano.
Please play a selection from Vivaldi's 'The Four Seasons'.
Please play a selection from the Baroque period by Scarlatti.
Please play a selection from the opera Carmen by Bizet.
Please play a selection of Bach's chamber music.
Please play a selection of Disney movie soundtracks.
Please play a selection of baroque music compositions.
Please play a selection of hip-hop tracks from the 90s.
Please play a selection of hip-hop tracks.
Please play a selection of reggae music.
Please play a song by The Beatles.
Please play a song by the Beatles next.
Please play a song from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
Please play a song from Adele's latest album.
Please play a song from The Beatles' Abbey Road album.
Please play a song from the 'Abbey Road' album.
Please play a song from the 'Hotel California' album by The Eagles.
Please play a song from the album 'Abbey Road'.
Please play a song from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Please play a song from the alternative rock band Radiohead.
Please play a song from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play a song from the genre of classic rock.
Please play a song from the genre of electronic dance music.
Please play a song from the reggae artist Bob Marley.
Please play a song from the soundtrack of the movie The Lion King.
Please play a soul track by Aretha Franklin.
Please play a soulful song by Aretha Franklin, it would be touching.
Please play a track by Bach, it would be very nice.
Please play a track by Beethoven.
Please play a track by Daft Punk, I feel like dancing.
Please play a track by Mozart for a relaxing evening.
Please play a track by Mozart from his Requiem.
Please play a track by Mozart.
Please play a track by Queen from the 'A Night at the Opera' album.
Please play a track from 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis.
Please play a track from 'Nevermind' by Nirvana.
Please play a track from Adele's latest album soon.
Please play a track from Adele's latest album. It would be wonderful.
Please play a track from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Please play a track from Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
Please play a track from the 'A Night at the Opera' album by Queen.
Please play a track from the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play a track from the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince.
Please play a track from the K-pop group BTS's album Love Yourself: Tear.
Please play a track from the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Please play a track from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Please play a track from the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Please play a track from the album Thriller by Michael Jackson.
Please play a track from the genre of alternative rock.
Please play a track from the genre of indie by the artist Arctic Monkeys.
Please play a track from the opera Carmen by Bizet.
Please play a tune by Miles Davis for my dinner party.
Please play a variety of salsa music for dancing.
Please play an electronic track by Daft Punk.
Please play an electronic track from Daft Punk's Discovery.
Please play some ambient music by Brian Eno.
Please play some ambient music to relax to.
Please play some ambient tracks for studying.
Please play some baroque music by Handel.
Please play some blues genre music.
Please play some blues, maybe something from B.B. King.
Please play some classic rock from the 70s
Please play some classic rock from the 70s.
Please play some classic rock hits from the 70s.
Please play some classic rock music.
Please play some classical guitar pieces by Andrés Segovia.
Please play some classical music by Mozart.
Please play some classical music, maybe Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
Please play some electronic dance music by Daft Punk.
Please play some electronic music by Daft Punk.
Please play some electronic music from the artist Avicii.
Please play some energetic electronic dance music.
Please play some energetic workout music.
Please play some hip-hop from Kendrick Lamar.
Please play some hip-hop music from Kendrick Lamar's Good Kid, M.A.A.D City.
Please play some jazz music for me.
Please play some jazz music from Miles Davis.
Please play some jazz music from the album The Epic by Kamasi Washington.
Please play some jazz music.
Please play some music by Adele.
Please play some of Bach's music for unaccompanied violin.
Please play some of Bach's violin sonatas and partitas.
Please play some of Mozart's piano concertos.
Please play some of Tchaikovsky's ballet music, like 'Swan Lake'.
Please play some of the famous arias from The Magic Flute by Mozart.
Please play some of the greatest hits by Queen.
Please play some of the greatest hits from the 80s.
Please play some of the top songs by The Rolling Stones.
Please play some reggae music for a change.
Please play some reggae music, like Bob Marley's hits.
Please play some reggae, maybe something from Bob Marley?
Please play some relaxing ambient music for studying.
Please play some salsa music for our party.
Please play some songs from the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
Please play some songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play some songs from the genre of blues.
Please play some songs from the hip-hop genre.
Please play some soothing classical guitar music by Andrés Segovia.
Please play some tracks by the artist Sia.
Please play some tracks from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Please play some tracks from the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Please play some tracks from the album Kind Of Blue by Miles Davis.
Please play some tracks from the genre of electronic music.
Please play some upbeat salsa music to dance to.
Please play something by Lady Gaga. It would be fabulous.
Please play something by the Beatles.
Please play something from Beethoven's symphonies.
Please play something from Chopin, perhaps a nocturne.
Please play something from the 'Purple Rain' album.
Please play something from the Baroque period, maybe Vivaldi?
Please play something from the composer Chopin.
Please play something from the genre of electronic dance music.
Please play the 'Abbey Road' album by The Beatles.
Please play the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Please play the 'Born to Run' album by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album by Pink Floyd.
Please play the 'Hamilton' original Broadway cast recording.
Please play the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
Please play the 'Nutcracker Suite' by Tchaikovsky.
Please play the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles.
Please play the album 'Born in the U.S.A.' by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Please play the album 'Kind of Blue' by Miles Davis.
Please play the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
Please play the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Please play the album Blue by Joni Mitchell
Please play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please play the artist Billie Eilish's latest single.
Please play the artist Billie Eilish.
Please play the artist Ed Sheeran.
Please play the artist Taylor Swift.
Please play the best of 90s grunge music.
Please play the best of Ed Sheeran
Please play the first track from the album 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
Please play the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Please play the latest Taylor Swift album.
Please play the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Please play the latest pop songs on the charts.
Please play the latest songs by Billie Eilish.
Please play the latest track by Lady Gaga.
Please play the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
Please play the song 'Imagine' by John Lennon.
Please play the song 'Imagine' by the artist John Lennon.
Please play the song 'Purple Rain' by Prince.
Please play the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin.
Please play the song Under Pressure by Queen and David Bowie.
Please play the soundtrack from the movie 'Inception' by Hans Zimmer.
Please play the soundtrack from the movie 'The Greatest Showman'.
Please play the soundtrack from the movie Inception by Hans Zimmer
Please play the top hits from the 80s.
Please play the top songs from the 'Born to Die' album by Lana Del Rey.
Please play the top songs from the 80s genre.
Please play the top songs from the jazz genre.
Please play the track 'Air on the G String' composed by Bach.
Please put on a salsa tune, something lively.
Please put on the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Please resume the playback of my rock playlist.
Please start playing jazz music.
Put on 'Hotel California' by the Eagles.
Put on a country song by Johnny Cash.
Put on a rap song by Drake.
Put on some classical music by Tchaikovsky
Put on the symphony No. 5 by Tchaikovsky
Queue a composition by the classical composer Debussy.
Queue a song by Ed Sheeran from his Divide album.
Queue a track from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Queue some tracks from the 'Rumours' album by Fleetwood Mac.
Queue up 'Billie Jean' by Michael Jackson.
Queue up a country tune, any will do.
Queue up a couple of albums by The Rolling Stones.
Queue up a couple of tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
Queue up a couple of tracks from Taylor Swift's latest album.
Queue up a few songs from the artist Billie Eilish.
Queue up a few tracks from the 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Queue up a few tracks from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
Queue up a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Queue up a punk rock track from Green Day's American Idiot album.
Queue up a song from Nirvana's Nevermind album.
Queue up a track from Madonna's Like a Virgin album.
Queue up some classic tracks from the '80s.
Queue up some classical music by Beethoven.
Queue up some classical music by Chopin.
Queue up some classical music by Vivaldi.
Queue up some country songs by Johnny Cash.
Queue up some energetic rock music from the 80s.
Queue up some jazz standards by Miles Davis.
Queue up some of the Beatles' greatest hits.
Queue up some of the most popular K-pop songs.
Queue up the 'Mozart Essentials' playlist.
Queue up the 'Nutcracker' suite by Tchaikovsky.
Queue up the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
Queue up the album Graceland by Paul Simon.
Queue up the best songs from the composer Beethoven.
Queue up the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Queue up the top tracks from Taylor Swift
Queue up tracks from Adele's '21' album.
Resume playback of Chopin's nocturnes.
Resume playback of electronic dance music
Resume playback of the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Resume playback of the playlist Today's Top Hits
Resume playing Beethoven's symphonies
Resume playing The Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd
Resume playing the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Resume playing the playlist with Chopin's nocturnes.
Shuffle and play some reggae music.
Shuffle play songs by the artist Adele.
Shuffle songs by The Beatles
Shuffle songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Start a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Start a playlist of Beethoven's symphonies.
Start a playlist of Chopin's nocturnes.
Start a playlist of electronic dance music.
Start a playlist with a couple of electronic tracks by Daft Punk.
Start a song from the artist Drake's Views album.
Start playing 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen right now, please.
Start playing 'Hotel California' by the Eagles.
Start playing 'Requiem' composed by Mozart.
Start playing 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
Start playing 'The Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Start playing Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Start playing Chopin nocturnes performed by Arthur Rubinstein
Start playing Chopin's Nocturnes.
Start playing Chopin's nocturnes for me.
Start playing a classical piece by Rachmaninoff.
Start playing a composition from Chopin's Nocturnes.
Start playing a few tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
Start playing a few tracks from the 'Purple Rain' album by Prince.
Start playing a folk song by Simon & Garfunkel.
Start playing a folk tune by Bob Dylan.
Start playing a hip-hop track by Kendrick Lamar.
Start playing a metal song by Metallica from the Black Album.
Start playing a metal track from Metallica's Black Album.
Start playing a piece by Chopin.
Start playing a piece from Mozart's Requiem.
Start playing a piece from Vivaldi's Four Seasons.
Start playing a punk rock song from The Clash's London Calling album.
Start playing a punk rock track by The Ramones.
Start playing a rock song from the album 'Hotel California' by Eagles.
Start playing a song from Adele's album 21.
Start playing a song from the metal band Metallica's Black Album.
Start playing a track from Chopin's Nocturnes.
Start playing a track from Debussy's Clair de Lune.
Start playing a track from Madonna's Like a Virgin album.
Start playing a track from Pink Floyd's The Wall.
Start playing a track from the classical album The Four Seasons by Vivaldi.
Start playing a tune from Chopin's Nocturnes collection.
Start playing ambient music for studying.
Start playing an electronic album by Daft Punk.
Start playing hip-hop hits from the 90s
Start playing hip-hop music.
Start playing hip-hop songs from Kendrick Lamar's new album.
Start playing hip-hop songs.
Start playing jazz music
Start playing jazz music by Miles Davis
Start playing piano sonatas by Alfred Brendel
Start playing pop songs from the 1980s.
Start playing random songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Start playing random tracks from the 'Abbey Road' album.
Start playing reggae hits by Bob Marley
Start playing some ambient music for relaxation.
Start playing some ambient music for studying.
Start playing some blues by B.B. King, please.
Start playing some blues from B.B. King's Live at the Regal album.
Start playing some blues tracks.
Start playing some classic blues tracks, please.
Start playing some classic rock songs from the 70s.
Start playing some classic rock songs, please.
Start playing some classic rock tunes, please.
Start playing some classic rock tunes.
Start playing some classic rock, something from Pink Floyd would be great.
Start playing some classical music by Mozart.
Start playing some classical music composed by Beethoven.
Start playing some classical music from Mozart.
Start playing some classical music pieces.
Start playing some electronic music, perhaps a track by Daft Punk.
Start playing some hip-hop beats.
Start playing some hip-hop tracks from Kendrick Lamar.
Start playing some jazz from Miles Davis.
Start playing some jazz music for me, please.
Start playing some jazz music from Miles Davis's collection.
Start playing some jazz music, maybe something by Coltrane?
Start playing some jazz tunes by John Coltrane.
Start playing some of Chopin's nocturnes for piano.
Start playing some of Chopin's nocturnes.
Start playing some of Mozart's concertos.
Start playing some of the most popular K-pop songs.
Start playing some reggae music by Bob Marley.
Start playing some rock music from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
Start playing some salsa music by Celia Cruz.
Start playing some smooth jazz by Norah Jones.
Start playing some smooth jazz tunes.
Start playing some songs by The Rolling Stones.
Start playing some tracks by the artist Bob Dylan.
Start playing some tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Start playing some tracks from the 'A Love Supreme' album by John Coltrane.
Start playing songs by The Beatles.
Start playing songs from the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Start playing the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
Start playing the 'Dark Side of the Moon' album.
Start playing the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis
Start playing the 'Kind Of Blue' album by Miles Davis.
Start playing the 'Kind Of Blue' album.
Start playing the 'Moonlight Sonata' by Beethoven, please.
Start playing the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana.
Start playing the 'Nutcracker' suite by Tchaikovsky now.
Start playing the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles.
Start playing the album 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Start playing the album 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
Start playing the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Start playing the album Abbey Road by The Beatles.
Start playing the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey.
Start playing the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start playing the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac.
Start playing the artist Adele's latest album.
Start playing the best of 90s grunge music.
Start playing the blues album Texas Flood by Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Start playing the blues genre
Start playing the classical piece Für Elise by Beethoven.
Start playing the greatest hits of Elton John.
Start playing the jazz album 'The Epic' by Kamasi Washington.
Start playing the jazz album Kind Of Blue
Start playing the jazz album Kind of Blue by Miles Davis.
Start playing the playlist 'Today's Top Hits' on Spotify.
Start playing the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen.
Start playing the top hits from the 80's pop genre.
Start playing the top hits from the pop genre.
Start playing the top hits from the rock genre.
Start playing the top songs from the jazz genre.
Start playing the top tracks from Adele, please.
Start playing the top tracks from the '80s rock genre.
Start playing top hits from the 80s, please.
Start playing top tracks from the hip-hop genre.
Start playing tracks from 'Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Start playing tracks from Beethoven's Symphony No. 9.
Start playing tracks from the 'La La Land' movie soundtrack.
Start playing tracks from the artist Adele.
Start the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.
Start the playlist 'Today's Top Hits' on Spotify.
Start the playlist 'Today's Top Hits'.
Start the playlist of top EDM tracks
Start the playlist with Bob Marley's songs.
Start the playlist with Chopin's nocturnes.
Start the playlist with electronic dance music hits.
Start the playlist with some of Mozart's piano concertos.
Start the playlist with some rock 'n' roll classics.
Start the playlist with the best of 80s synth-pop
Start the playlist with the best of 90s grunge music.
Start the playlist with top hits from the 80s.
Stream the soundtrack of The Greatest Showman
When convenient, play a track from 'The Dark Side of the Moon'.
When it suits you, play a rock anthem from the 80s.
When there's time, could you play a classical piece by Vivaldi?
When you're free, could you play a salsa tune?
Would it be possible to play a pop track by Madonna?
Would it be possible to play a soul song by Aretha Franklin?
Would it be possible to play some classic rock from the '70s?
Would it be possible to play the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson?
Would you be so kind as to play some Bach?
Would you kindly play a track by Mozart from his Symphony No. 40?
Would you mind playing 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Would you mind playing a Beethoven symphony? It would be magnificent.
Would you mind playing a ballad by Adele? It would be touching.
Would you mind playing a bit of Mozart for me?
Would you mind playing a classical piece by Mozart?
Would you mind playing a few songs by Adele for me?
Would you mind playing a few songs from the genre of rock?
Would you mind playing a few tracks from the genre of blues?
Would you mind playing a jazz tune for me?
Would you mind playing a piece composed by Mozart?
Would you mind playing a piece from Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake?
Would you mind playing a pop song by Madonna?
Would you mind playing a pop song by Taylor Swift?
Would you mind playing a pop song from the 80s?
Would you mind playing a punk rock track by The Ramones?
Would you mind playing a song from the 'Rumours' album?
Would you mind playing an album by Adele?
Would you mind playing some classic rock from the '70s?
Would you mind playing some classic rock hits?
Would you mind playing some jazz music? It would be delightful.
Would you mind playing some jazz tunes from Miles Davis?
Would you mind playing some of Beethoven's symphonies?
Would you mind playing some of Queen's greatest hits?
Would you mind playing the 'Moonlight Sonata' album by Beethoven?
Would you mind playing the 'Thriller' album by Michael Jackson?
Would you mind playing the song 'Purple Haze' by Jimi Hendrix?
Would you mind putting on some classical music by Mozart?
Would you mind putting on some reggae music? It would be chill.
Would you mind putting on the 'Black Album' by Metallica?
Would you mind queuing up some Beethoven?
Would you play a couple of Mozart symphonies, kindly?
Would you play a few classical music pieces from the Romantic era?
Would you play a few songs written by Duke Ellington?
Would you play a track from the 'Nevermind' album by Nirvana?