Activate the artist Ariana Grande's music
Activate the artist Cardi B's music
Activate the artist Green Day's music
Activate the artist Lorde's music
Activate the artist The Weeknd's music
Activate the track Lose Yourself by Eminem
Begin the song Hotel California by Eagles
Begin the track Blinding Lights by The Weeknd
Begin the track Bodak Yellow by Cardi B
Begin the track Boulevard of Broken Dreams by Green Day
Begin the track Royals by Lorde
Begin the track Thank U, Next by Ariana Grande
Can we hear the track Chandelier by Sia?
Can we hear the track Everlong by Foo Fighters?
Can we hear the track Paint It Black by The Rolling Stones?
Can we hear the track Purple Rain by Prince?
Can we hear the track Sugar by Maroon 5?
Can we hear the track Uptown Funk by Bruno Mars?
Can you play the album Thriller by Michael Jackson?
Can you play the track Adventure of a Lifetime by Coldplay?
Can you play the track Believer by Imagine Dragons?
Can you play the track Numb by Linkin Park?
Can you play the track Someone New by Hozier?
Can you play the track Under Pressure by Queen and David Bowie?
Can you play the track With or Without You by U2?
Could you play the artist Madonna?
Could you play the song Like a Rolling Stone by Bob Dylan?
Could you play the song Mr. Brightside by The Killers?
Could you play the song New Rules by Dua Lipa?
Could you play the song Summertime Sadness by Lana Del Rey?
Could you play the song Your Song by Elton John?
Could you start the track All of Me by John Legend?
Could you start the track Halo by Beyoncé?
Could you start the track Stay With Me by Sam Smith?
Could you start the track Sweet Child o' Mine by Guns N' Roses?
Could you start the track Under the Bridge by Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Could you start the track Yellow by Coldplay?
I want to hear the artist Bob Dylan
I want to hear the artist Dua Lipa
I want to hear the artist Elton John
I want to hear the artist Lana Del Rey
I want to hear the artist The Killers
I want to hear the track Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin
I'd like to listen to the album American Idiot by Green Day
I'd like to listen to the album Invasion of Privacy by Cardi B
I'd like to listen to the album Melodrama by Lorde
I'd like to listen to the album Nevermind by Nirvana
I'd like to listen to the album Teenage Dream by Katy Perry
I'd like to listen to the artist Taylor Swift
I'd love to hear the album Born to Run by Bruce Springsteen
I'd love to hear the artist Beyoncé
I'd love to hear the artist Coldplay
I'd love to hear the artist John Legend
I'd love to hear the artist Red Hot Chili Peppers
I'd love to hear the artist Sam Smith
Initiate playback of the song Closer by The Chainsmokers
Initiate playback of the song Hotline Bling by Drake
Initiate playback of the song In the End by Linkin Park
Initiate playback of the song Radioactive by Imagine Dragons
Initiate playback of the song Shape of You by Ed Sheeran
Initiate playback of the song Take Me to Church by Hozier
Play music by the artist Prince
Play the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd
Play the artist Bruno Mars
Play the artist Drake's latest tracks
Play the artist Ed Sheeran's tracks
Play the artist Foo Fighters
Play the artist Hozier's tracks
Play the artist Imagine Dragons' tracks
Play the artist Linkin Park's tracks
Play the artist Maroon 5
Play the artist Sia
Play the artist The Chainsmokers' tracks
Play the artist The Rolling Stones
Play the song American Idiot by Green Day
Play the song Billie Jean by Michael Jackson
Play the song Cheap Thrills by Sia
Play the song Firework by Katy Perry
Play the song Green Light by Lorde
Play the song I Like It by Cardi B
Play the song Let It Be by The Beatles
Play the song Moves Like Jagger by Maroon 5
Play the song Rolling in the Deep by Adele
Play the song Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana
Play the song That's What I Like by Bruno Mars
Play the song The Pretender by Foo Fighters
Play the track Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen
Please play the album 24K Magic by Bruno Mars
Please play the album A Head Full of Dreams by Coldplay
Please play the album Evolve by Imagine Dragons
Please play the album Hozier by Hozier
Please play the album Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park
Please play the album Let It Be by The Beatles
Please play the album Rumours by Fleetwood Mac
Please play the album Songs About Jane by Maroon 5
Please play the album The Colour and the Shape by Foo Fighters
Please play the album The Joshua Tree by U2
Please play the album This Is Acting by Sia
Please play the artist Adele's music
Please play the track Rio by Duran Duran
Resume the album Back in Black by AC/DC
Start playing the album Born in the U.S.A. by Bruce Springsteen
Start playing the album Born to Die by Lana Del Rey
Start playing the album Future Nostalgia by Dua Lipa
Start playing the album Graceland by Paul Simon
Start playing the album Hot Fuss by The Killers
Start playing the song Yesterday by The Beatles