Blast the tune Rio by Duran Duran!
Can we chillax with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we get jiggy with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we get the track Rio by Duran Duran on?
Can we groove to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we kick it with Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we sway to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can we vibe to Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you boot up Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you drop the track Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you engage Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you hit play on Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you initiate Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you kickstart Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you put Rio by Duran Duran on blast?
Can you queue up Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you start Rio by Duran Duran?
Can you throw on Rio by Duran Duran?
Could you play the Duran Duran track called Rio?
Cue up Rio by Duran Duran on the playlist.
Fire up that banger Rio by Duran Duran.
Get Rio by Duran Duran going on the stereo.
Hey, put on the song Rio by Duran Duran.
Hit me with that song Rio by Duran Duran.
I demand Rio by Duran Duran, play it now.
I need to hear Rio by Duran Duran, please play it.
I wanna hear Rio by Duran Duran, hit play!
I'd like to listen to Rio by Duran Duran, please.
I'd love to hear Rio by Duran Duran next.
I'm aching for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm all about Rio by Duran Duran, let's hear it.
I'm all in for Rio by Duran Duran, spin it.
I'm craving that Duran Duran song Rio, play it.
I'm desperate for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm down for some Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm dying to hear Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm eager for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm feeling Rio by Duran Duran, play that.
I'm fiending for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm gagging for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm hooked on Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm in the mood for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm into Rio by Duran Duran, let's play it.
I'm itching for some Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm jonesing for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm keen on hearing Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm longing for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm obsessed with Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm pining for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm pumped for Rio by Duran Duran, let's play.
I'm raring for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm requesting the song Rio by Duran Duran.
I'm stoked for Rio by Duran Duran, let's play.
I'm thirsty for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
I'm wild about Rio by Duran Duran, let's play.
I'm yearning for Rio by Duran Duran, play it.
It's time for Rio by Duran Duran, let's play it.
Kick off with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's bounce to Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's chill with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's get Rio by Duran Duran on the speakers.
Let's get down to Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's get funky with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's get hyped with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's get lit with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's get this party started with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's hear Rio by the band Duran Duran.
Let's jam to Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's kick back with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's mellow out with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's relax with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's roll with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's unwind with Rio by Duran Duran.
Let's vibe to Rio by Duran Duran.
Play me Rio by Duran Duran, it's my jam.
Play that Duran Duran banger, Rio, will ya?
Play that Duran Duran bop, Rio, for me.
Play that Duran Duran classic, Rio, please.
Play that Duran Duran hit, Rio, right now.
Play that Duran Duran masterpiece, Rio.
Play that Duran Duran tune, Rio, for us.
Play the Duran Duran song Rio for us.
Play the anthem Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play Rio, that track by Duran Duran.
Please play my favorite, Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play that Duran Duran hit, Rio.
Please play the epic Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play the iconic Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play the legendary Rio by Duran Duran.
Please play the track Rio by Duran Duran
Please play the unforgettable Rio by Duran Duran.
Resume playing with Rio by Duran Duran.
Spin Rio by Duran Duran, DJ.
Start playing Rio by Duran Duran, will you?
Would you mind playing Rio by Duran Duran?
Yo, can you play that song Rio from Duran Duran?