Can you get some Bach playing in here?
Can you play Bach's Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring?
Can you play a piece by Bach? It would be lovely.
Can you play a piece from Bach's English Suites?
Can you play a piece from Bach's St. John Passion?
Can you play a selection from Bach's French Suites?
Can you play a selection from Bach's Wohltemperierte Klavier?
Can you play a song by Bach, as a favor?
Can you play a track by Bach, please?
Can you play a track by Bach? It would be a treat.
Can you play a track from Bach's Notebook for Wilhelm Friedemann Bach?
Can you put on a Bach track for us?
Could we listen to some of Bach's chorales?
Could you do me a favor and play some music by Bach?
Could you play a Bach cantata? That would be wonderful.
Could you play a piece by Bach? I'd like that very much.
Could you play a piece from Bach's Peasant Cantata?
Could you play a selection from Bach's Goldberg Variations?
Could you play a track by Bach? I'd really like that.
Could you play a track by Bach? I'm in the mood for his music.
Could you play a track from Bach's Magnificat?
Could you play a track from Bach's Musicalisches Opfer?
Could you play some of Bach's Brandenburg Concertos for me?
Could you play some of Bach's trio sonatas?
Could you put on a track from Bach's Mass in B minor?
Could you queue up some of Bach's compositions?
Could you start playing some of Bach's music?
I'd appreciate hearing some of Bach's music, could you play it?
I'd appreciate it if you could play a song from Bach.
I'd be delighted if you could play Bach's Goldberg Variations.
I'd be delighted to hear some of Bach's motets, could you play them?
I'd be grateful for some Bach music, could you play it?
I'd be grateful if you could play a track by Bach.
I'd be grateful if you could play a track by Bach.
I'd be happy if you could play a piece by Bach.
I'd be happy to hear a track from Bach's Hunting Cantata, can you play it?
I'd be happy to hear some of Bach's violin concertos, can you play them?
I'd be pleased if you could play some of Bach's harpsichord music.
I'd be pleased if you could play some of Bach's sonatas for viola da gamba and harpsichord.
I'd enjoy a piece by Bach, please play one.
I'd enjoy hearing a track by Bach, please play one.
I'd enjoy hearing some of Bach's music, can you play a track?
I'd enjoy some of Bach's fugues, would you play them?
I'd like to hear a few of Bach's keyboard works, can you play them?
I'd like to hear a few pieces by Bach, can you play them?
I'd like to hear a piece from Bach's Clavier-Übung, can you play it?
I'd like to hear a track from Bach, please play it.
I'd like to hear some of Bach's flute sonatas, can you play them?
I'd like to hear some of Bach's keyboard concertos, can you play them?
I'd like to listen to Bach, can you play a track?
I'd like to listen to a Bach concerto, could you play it?
I'd like to listen to a piece from Bach's Coffee Cantata, please play it.
I'd like to listen to a track by Bach, please play one.
I'd like to listen to some of Bach's organ music, can you play it?
I'd like to request a piece by Bach, could you play it?
I'd love to hear Bach's Cello Suites, could you play them?
I'm in the mood for Bach, please play a track.
I'm in the mood for some Bach, could you play it?
I want to hear Murray Perahia play Bach
I would love to hear Yo Yo Ma play some Bach
It would be great if you could play Bach's Brandenburg Concertos.
Kindly play a selection from Bach's works.
May I request a song by Bach to be played?
Might you play a Bach sonata for us?
Play Bach's Air on the G string, if you would.
Play a Bach piece, if it's not too much trouble.
Play a Bach track, please, I'd appreciate it.
Play a Bach track, please, when you get a chance.
Play a couple of tracks from Bach, please.
Play a few of Bach's cantatas, if you don't mind.
Play a few of Bach's choral works, if you please.
Play a few of Bach's inventions and sinfonias, please.
Play a few tracks by Bach, if you would be so kind.
Play a piece by Bach, please, for my enjoyment.
Play a piece by Bach, please, it would mean a lot.
Play a selection from Bach's organ works, please.
Play a selection from Bach's works for lute, please.
Play a track by Bach, would you?
Play a track from Bach's Easter Oratorio, please.
Play something from Bach's Well-Tempered Clavier, please.
Play Glenn Gould's recording of Bach GoldBerg Variations
Please play Glenn Gould recordings of Bach
Please play Joshua Bell's recordings of Mozart Violin Concertos
Please play Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D minor.
Please play a few of Bach's chorale preludes.
Please play a few of Bach's preludes and fugues.
Please play a number from Bach's Christmas Oratorio.
Please play a piece by Bach for me.
Please play a selection from Bach's Italian Concerto.
Please play a selection of Bach's chamber music.
Please play a song from Bach's Musical Offering.
Please play a track by Bach, it would be very nice.
Please play a track from Bach's Anna Magdalena Notebook.
Please play some of Bach's music for unaccompanied violin.
Please play some of Bach's violin sonatas and partitas.
Please put on Bach's St. Matthew Passion.
Would it be possible to hear some Bach now?
Would you be so kind as to play some Bach?
Would you kindly play a piece from Bach's Art of Fugue?
Would you mind playing a bit of Bach for me?
Would you mind playing some of Bach's lute music?
Would you mind playing some of Bach's music for keyboard?
Would you mind putting on a Bach composition?
Would you mind queuing up some Bach?
Would you play a few Bach pieces, please?
Would you play some of Bach's orchestral suites, please?
Would you play some of Bach's violin music, please?
