Can we hear 'Billie Jean' by Michael Jackson?
Can we hear 'California Dreamin'' by The Mamas & The Papas?
Can we listen to 'Imagine' by John Lennon?
Can you play 'My Heart Will Go On' by Celine Dion?
Can you play 'Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band' by The Beatles?
Can you play the track 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen?
Can you put on 'Like a Rolling Stone' by Bob Dylan?
Can you start the song 'Superstition' by Stevie Wonder?
Could you play something by The Beatles?
Could you start playing 'Bad Guy' by Billie Eilish?
I feel like listening to 'A Night at the Opera' by Queen.
I want to hear the 'Black Album' by Metallica.
I want to listen to 'Born to Run' by Bruce Springsteen.
I want to listen to 'No Scrubs' by TLC.
I want to listen to 'Rumours' by Fleetwood Mac.
I want to listen to 'The Wall' by Pink Floyd.
I'd like to hear 'Back to Black' by Amy Winehouse.
I'd like to hear 'Let It Be' by The Beatles.
I'd like to hear 'Red' by Taylor Swift.
I'd like to hear 'Smells Like Teen Spirit' by Nirvana.
I'd like to hear the artist Lizzo's top tracks.
I'd like to listen to the album 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
I'd love to hear 'Sweet Child o' Mine' by Guns N' Roses.
I'm in the mood for 'Hotel California' by The Eagles.
Let's hear 'Stairway to Heaven' by Led Zeppelin.
Play 'Dancing Queen' by ABBA.
Play 'Firework' by Katy Perry.
Play 'Hallelujah' by Leonard Cohen, will you?
Play 'Heroes' by David Bowie.
Play 'Lose Yourself' by Eminem, please.
Play 'Old Town Road' by Lil Nas X featuring Billy Ray Cyrus.
Play 'Shake It Off' by Taylor Swift, would you?
Play 'Shape of You', the hit song by Ed Sheeran.
Play 'Wonderwall' by Oasis for us.
Play 'Your Song' by Elton John, please.
Play some music from the artist Taylor Swift.
Play the song 'Purple Rain' for me.
Play the song 'Uptown Funk' by Mark Ronson featuring Bruno Mars.
Please play 'Born This Way' by Lady Gaga.
Please play 'Hey Jude' by The Beatles.
Please play 'Rolling in the Deep' by Adele.
Please play 'Thriller' by Michael Jackson.
Please play 'Viva la Vida' by Coldplay.
Please play some tracks from 'The Dark Side of the Moon' by Pink Floyd.
Please play the album '1989' by Taylor Swift.
Please play the album 'Abbey Road' by The Beatles.
Put on the latest tracks by Billie Eilish.
Resume playback, please.
Start playing songs from the artist Ed Sheeran.
Start playing the artist Ariana Grande's popular songs.